

					THE STAR WARS

						BY

					GEORGE LUCAS

	FIRST DRAFT					LUCASFILM
	JULY 1974						LIMITED

FADE IN:

1.   SPACE

	A sea of stars is broken by the vast blue surface of 
	the planet, OGANA. Five small moons slowly drift into 
	view from the far side of the planet. The main 
	titles are followed by a roll-up:

		Until the recent GREAT REBELLION, 
		the DAI NOGAS were the most feared 
		warriors in the universe. For one 
		hundred thousand years, generations 
		of DAI perfected their art as the 
		personal bodyguards of the King. 
		They were the chief architects of 
		the invincible ROYAL SPACE FORCE, 
		which expanded the KingÕs power 
		across the galaxy, from the celes-
		tial equator to the farthest stars.

		Now these legendary warriors are all 
		but extinct. One by one, they have 
		been hunted down and destroyed as 
		enemies of the NEW GALACTIC KINGDOM 
		by a ferocious and sinister rival 
		warrior sect, THE LEGIONS OF LETTOW.

	A small silver spacecraft emerges from behind one of 
	the Ogana moons.  The deadly little fightercraft 
	speeds past several of the moons, until it finally 
	goes into orbit around the FOURTH MOON.

2.   VALLEY OF COLORED LAKES- FOURTH MOON - OGANA

	A harsh gale blows across the bleak grey surface of 
	the Fourth Moon.  The blood red sky presses down on a 
	lone figure, JUSTIN VALOR, a tall, heavy-set boy of 
	sixteen.   He slowly makes his way across a wierd 
	plain covered with huge sprawling lakes.  The water in 
	some of the lakes is bright red, while in others it is 
	a vivid green.  The oddly colored lakes create an 
	ominous landscape against the eerie red sky.

	The heavy winds whip at the young boy and make the 
	going extremely difficult.  His face is covered by a 
	breath mask and goggles.  He stops for a second to 
	adjust the shoulder strap on his chrome multiplelazer 
	rifle.  Something in the sky catches his eye, and he
	instinctively grabs a pair of electrobinoculars from 
	his belt.  He stands transfixed for a few moments, 
	studying the heavens, then turns and rushes back in 
	the direction from which he came.

3.   SUPPLY HUT - FOURTH MOON - OGANA

	A damaged spacecraft, half buried in the dust, rests 
	next to the remains of an abandoned supply shack.  Justin
	makes his way across the colorless landscape and 
	rushes into the crumbling building.  The interior of 
	the hut is shabby, but manages to abate the howling 
	winds.  Seated in front of a thermoheater are Justin's
	father, AKIRA, and his young brother, BINK.  Akira is 
	a large, burly man, wearing the distinctive robes of a 
	Dai.  Bink is ten years old, with dusty blond hair and 
	a large scratch on his cheek.  Justin slams the door 
	and removes his gear.   His ruggedly handsome face is 
	caked with many layers of dust.

				 JUSTIN
		Dad!  Dad!  They've found us!

	Bink looks up from a small cube he has been studying. 
	His father whacks him across the shoulder with a 
	braided wire connector.

				 AKIRA
		Continue with the problem.  Your 
		concentration is worse than your 
		brother's.  (to Justin)  How many?

				 JUSTIN
		Only one this time.  A Cao Four.

				 AKIRA
		Good.  We may not have to repair 
		this old bucket after all.  Pre-
		pare yourself.

				 BINK
		Me too!

				 AKIRA
		Do you have the answer?

				 BINK
		I think it's the Corbet dictum: 
		"What is, is without."

	Akira smiles.  This is the correct answer.  Justin is
	strapping on a utility belt with chrome lazerpistols 
	and lazersword.  Akira rises and starts for his equip-
	ment.

				 BINK (Cont.)
		Ahhh, Pop...

				 AKIRA
		Bink, do you feel you're ready?

				 BINK
		Yes, sir.  I've outmarked Justin in 
		twelve disciplines.  I'm as good...

				 AKIRA
		All right, son.  Get your gear.

	Bink jumps up with the enthusiasm available only to 
	a ten-year old and grabs his gear.  His father frowns 
	and shakes his head.

4.   WASTELAND BLUFF - FOURTH MOON - OGANA

	Akira Valor and his two sons carefully make their way
	up a rock bluff overlooking the Lettow spacecraft parked
	among the  colored lakes.Akira inspects the  
	with his electrobinoculars.

				 AKIRA
		No tracks.  Bi-lock hasn't been opened.
		Interior systems are still on.

				 JUSTIN
		Are we going to wait for him to come 
		out?

				 AKIRA
		He's not  in there.  He's baiting us. 
		I'm surprised they only sent one this 
		time.  We must be wearing them down, 
		or they must think this warrior is 
		something special.  Stay on guard, 
		and keep hidden.  I'm going to work 
		my way across the ridge and call his 
		bluff.  Better we meet in open combat 
		than wait for him to ambush us.  Keep 
		your guard!

	Akira leaves his two sons and moves off along the 
	obscured ridge.  Justin and Bink watch him intently. 
	Justin throws down his multiplelazer rifle in dis-
	gust.

				 JUSTIN
		He should have let me go with him.  
		He's getting too old to make an open 
		challenge.

				 BINK
		He's not too old to realize you'd 
		just get in the way.

	Justin ignores his little brother's remark and sneaks 
	a look over the ridge at the Lettow spacecraft.  Akira 
	moves out of the rocks some distance away and starts 
	toward the starship.  Bink moves to the ridge next to 
	his brother, his chrome lazerrifle sparkling in the 
	reflected red light of Ogana.

				 BINK
		He's making his move.

				 JUSTIN
		Watch your guard... and cover 
		that weapon.  It shines like a 
		beacon.

	Bink reluctantly move away and watches the other 
	direction.  Akira has almost reached the Lettow 
	spacecraft and still there is no sign of its 
	occupant.

				 BINK
		What's happening?

				 JUSTIN
		Nothing.  I don't like it.

	Akira carefully moves to the main hatch of the star-
	ship.  He kicks a valve and the hatch drops open 
	with a loud clank and rushing gas.  Justin becomes 
	more tense as his father carefully moves inside the
	spacecraft.  Everything is still.  Even the continual 
	winds seem to have died down.  Moments pass with no 
	sign of activity inside the enemy starship.  Justin 
	watches the craft with his electrobinoculars.  The 
	waiting becomes unbearable.

				 JUSTIN
		Something's happened!  He's been in 
		there too long.

				 BINK
		Let me look!  Stand my guard.

	Bink takes the electrobinoculars from his brother and 
	studies the silent spacecraft.  Justin impatiently 
	scans the distant red horizon.

				 BINK
		I think the power just went off. 
		We'd better wait here until some-
		one comes out.

				 JUSTIN
		What if he needs help?

				 BINK
		The power went back on again....

	With the aid of the electrobinoculars, Bink watches 
	the running lights of the starship flash on and off.
	Suddenly something huge moves in front of his field 
	of vision.  Before either of the two young boys can 
	react, a large, sinister Lettow warrior in black 
	robes and a face mask  looms over them.  He carries 
	a long lazersword which cuts young Bink down before 
	he or his brother is able to raise his weapon.  The 
	startled Justin backs away in horror, then settles 
	down and ignites his lazersword which creates an 
	eerie red glow.  He stumbles over rocks as he attempts 
	to avoid the charging Lettow warrior.  The evil 
	warrior swings his mighty lazersword, but Justin 
	manages to deflect the intended deathblow.

	Finally, Justin is able to assume a defensive stance, 
	and the two warriors stand, sizing up each other.  The 
	legionnaire is at least seven feet tall, and dwarfs 
	the young Dai.  They stand for a few moments, almost 
	frozen, then in a flurry of blows, lazerswords clash 
	with the sound of electric snapping and popping. 
	Justin is barely able to hold his own against the 
	experienced warrior.  Many blows are exchanged before 
	the Lettow warrior is able to back Justin up against 
	a deep crevasse.  Justin stumbles and almost falls 
	over the cliff to his death.

	The legionnaire suddenly senses something behind him 
	and whirls around to face Justin's father, Akira Valor, 
	a Dai Nogas master.  The Lettow warrior raises his 
	lazersword, but is cut in two before he can bring it 
	down again.  Akira moves to the fallen legionnaire 
	and studies him carefully.  Justin, still a little 
	wobbly from the whole experience, attempts to stand. 
	Akira sees his dead son Bink and goes to him.  He 
	lifts him into his arms and begins to weep.  Justin 
	stands bewildered, watching his father cradle the 
	dead child.

5.   INTERIOR LETTOW STARSHIP - VALLEY OF COLORED LAKES - 
	OGANA

	Akira Valor slides into one of the four seats of the
	small Lettow starship.  Through the front viewing 
	canopy, he watches Justin drag Bink's body to a small
	crevasse.  Justin places a small locket around his 
	brother's neck, makes a complicated sign, and dumps 
	the body into the shallow depression.  The giant 
	engines of the spacecraft begin to whine, kicking up 
	large clouds of dust.

	Justin climbs into the seat beside his father and 
	removes his breath mask and goggles.   There are 
	tears in his eyes.  Father and son look out across 
	the wasteland towards Bink's grave.  The thunderous 
	clap of an explosion is followed by a small mushroom 
	cloud rising out of the depression.  Justin throws a
	container down in a fit of rage.

				 JUSTIN
		How many more of them are there?  I 
		want to finish it, once and for all. 
		I'm sick of running.  When will it 
		stop?

	Justin's father waits silently until the tirade is
	finished.  Justin sits silently for a few moments.

				 JUSTIN (Cont.)
		I'm sorry.

				 AKIRA
		Son, plot a course for TOWNOWI.

	Justin lights up like a Geenick at feeding time.

				 JUSTIN
		Townowi!  You mean we're going home?

				 AKIRA
		We both need a rest.

	Akira pulls back on the throttle and the powerful 
	spaceship lifts off the surface of the Fourth Moon 
	of Ogana.

6.   CLOUD SEA - GRANICUS

	A title card appears over a sea of billowing clouds 
	on the gaseous planet of GRANICUS:

		Granicus:   Capital of the New 
		Galactic Empire.

	The towering yellow oxide clouds pass, revealing the 
	Royal City of Granicus.  The magnificent domed and 
	gleaming city is perched, mushroom-like, on a tall 
	spire which disappears deep into the misty surface 
	of the planet.  The peacefulness of this nebulous 
	idyll is broken by the increasing wail of ion 
	engines.  Four sleek stardestroyers from the Royal 
	Fleet burst out of the huge cumulus range.  The 
	craft are flying in a tight formation as they bank 
	steeply, and head toward the royal   capital of the 
	New Galactic Kingdom.

7.   INTERIOR STARDESTROYER - GRANICUS

	Stardestroyers are two-man spacecraft crammed with
	sophisticated electronic weaponry.  The pilot and 
	gunnery officers sit side-by-side surrounded by 
	lighted readouts and switches.  They wear the gleaming 
	black uniforms of the KingÕs elite corps.

				 PILOT
		Tok-One to Chicks:  Shape it up. 
		Let's make it good.

				 CHICK-ONE
		Does that glare bother you?

				 PILOT
		Use your face shield, Chick-One.

	The pilot is cold and professional as he maneuvers 
	his craft closer to the others.  The positions of 
	the ships are displayed on a read-out, along with a 
	graphic representation of the city.  The pilot gives 
	the gunner a quick look before he flips his sunshield 
	over his eyes.

				 PILOT
		Here we go.  Count:  three, two, 
		one, now!

8.   REVIEW STAND - PLAZA OF THE DONNS - GRANICUS

	On a huge austere platform stands the dark SON HHAT, 
	Lord of Granicus, Consul to the Supreme Tribunal, and 
	ruler of the Galactic Kingdom.  He is a thin gray 
	looking man with an evil mustache hanging limply 
	over his insidious lip.  Standing at rigid attention 
	on his right are several generals  dressed in the 
	black and grey uniform of the realm.  Five members 
	of the Supreme Tribunal sit off to the side.  On 
	Hhat's    left stands MARA HORUS, newly appointed 
	Governor of the Townowi Systems.  He is a young 
	treacherous man with stone-cut angular features and 
	piercing gray eyes.

	They all gaze skyward as the four gleaming star-
	destroyers scream low overhead in an impressive 
	barrel-roll formation.  As the sound of the space-
	craft resonates throughout the glass canyon of the 
	Plaza, the group of dignitaries return their atten-
	tion to the parade of  royal   shock troops and 
	giant air tanks (which ride magically, two or three 
	feet above the ground).

	The Plaza of the Donns is filled with hundreds of rows 
	of troops as the last brigade marches into position. 
	The sound of three thousand men snapping to attention 
	is followed by a strange silence.  A light wind blows 
	the great red banner of the kingdom creating a subtle
	flapping sound.  The king's amplified voice startles 
	many of the troops as it cuts through the quiet.

				 SON HHAT
		Upon this battle depends the survival 
		of the Galactic Kingdom. Upon this 
		battle depends the life and long con-
		tinuity of our civilization.  Not 
		since the great Dai Rebellion has our 
		destiny been placed in such a balance. 
		This is to be the most magnificent 
		campaign of all!  You have never been 
		called without doing something to be 
		remembered, something notable and 
		striking.  The conquering of the 
		Townowi System, the last of the inde-
		pendent systems and the last refuge 
		of the outlawed, vile sect of the Dai, 
		will have such important and lasting 
		consequences, that I can't but consider 
		it as an epoch in history.

	To the rear of the Plaza, watching the spectacle over 
	the shoulder of a curious bureaucrat, stands CLIEG OXUS, 
	a tall, blond young man about twenty years old.  He seems
	interested in what the  King   has to say, but keeps 
	looking around nervously as if someone were after him. 
	His arm rests across his head, as he carefully but coolly
	adjusts a glowing blue ring on his index finger.  The 
	King nears the end of his speech.  Mara Horus has moved 
	up to stand next to the sinister monarch.  The troops 
	shout a royal salute in response to a particularly 
	partisan statement.

				 SON HHAT (Cont.)
		... I have personally asked the Townowians 
		to accept this Treaty of Alliance.  During 
		the period of negotiation, they have only 
		decided to be undecided.  We will barter no 
		longer.  Governor Horus has been appointed 
		the First Lord of the Townowi System and 
		Surrounding Territories.  This is the last 
		frontier and the final stone in the great 
		wall of the Galactic Kingdom.

	The troops cheer, and the King escorts Horus inside.
	Oxus moves quickly away from the Plaza, passing through
	several check stations, where he is forced to show his
	identification.

9.   NIGHT CLUB - GRANICUS

	Oxus walks into the glass and chrome splendor of one 
	of the famous nightclubs of Granicus.  He moves to the 
	long mirrored bar and sits next to a rough looking man, 
	BOMOJE ESPAA, dressed in the distinctive gold and furs 
	of the galactic traders.

				 OXUS
		Your glass is empty.

	Oxus speaks into a small intercom on the bar front.

				 OXUS (Cont.)
		A dantic and...

	He looks in Espaa's glass.

				 ESPAA
		No thanks, Clieg.  I've had enough.

				 OXUS
		Just a dantic, then.  Espaa, it's 
		not like you to refuse a drink. 
		You're going to give the galactic 
		traders a bad name.

	A drink appears magically from a small elevator in the 
	bar.  Oxus takes it, and then places a pen-like trans-
	mitter he has taken from his pocket next to the inter-
	com.  It creates a low electronic buzz.

10.  BAR OBSERVATION CENTER - GRANICUS

	A controller sitting in front of a row of monitors taps 
	his headphones, then flips a switch back and forth a 
	couple of times.  He is obviously annoyed.

				 CONTROLLER
		Number eighteen is out again.  Give 
		me a maintenance check.

	The controller yawns and puts his feet up on the control
	panel.

11.  NIGHTCLUB - GRANICUS

	Espaa leans in close to Oxus.  He is suddenly very serious.

				 ESPAA
		Clieg, we've got problems.  They've 
		just grounded all spacecraft, in-
		cluding trade frigates.  Even the 
		ships under royal registry can't 
		move.  Something big is up.

				 OXUS
		I'm afraid they're not waiting for 
		the Alliance Treaty.  They're 
		already moving against the System. 
		I've got to get word back.

				 ESPAA
		The chrome companies are protesting 
		the embargo, but it's going to take 
		some time.

				 OXUS
		Isn't anything moving?

				 ESPAA
		Military ships, but...

	They are interrupted by a royal officer and several
	storm troopers.  The officer shouts over the P.A. 
	system as the troops rush to block the exits.  Oxus 
	and the galactic trader are tense, but remain cool.

				 OFFICER
		Attention:  All captains and first 
		officers of Guild Trade frigates 
		will accompany me to the Ministry 
		of Transport immediately.

	Espaa gives Oxus a hopeless look as the troops check 
	their papers, and then take Espaa away.  A small fight 
	breaks out in the back of the nightclub as one of the 
	trader captains expresses his dislike of the kingdom. 
	Oxus slams his glass to the bar in a gesture of hate 
	and frustration.

12.  GOVERNOR HORUSÕ QUARTERS - GRANICUS

	The large white-on-white executive quarters resound 
	with the high-pitched laugh of the evil Governor
	Horus.  He slaps DARTH VADER, a tall, grim looking 
	general, on the back and the general's mouth makes 
	the slightest gesture at a smile.

				 HORUS
		Success!  I told you.  We are no 
		longer under the control of the 
		GREAT FAMILIES.  We've gained a 
		true advantage.

	VANTOS COLL, a member of the Supreme Tribunal, and a 
	man of the grossest dimensions, appears to be a little
	worried.

				 COLL
		A rather dangerous advantage. 
		You still have a system to 
		conquer.

				 HORUS
		But this system will bring us 
		more scientific wealth than that 
		of any other house in the 
		tribunal.  We will easily gain 
		control of the directorship.

				 COLL
		Don't underestimate the armies of 
		Townowi.  They're lead by a Dai 
		warrior.

				 HORUS
		I've told you about Commissioner 
		Coll, General.  He worries a lot.

				 VADER
		It's a myth that any Dai still exists.

				 COLL
		General Skywalker is no myth.  When 
		I first arrived at court, he was 
		the first bodyguard to the King.
		He lead the Dai Rebellion.

				 VADER
		NGAI THUC lead the Rebellion.

				 COLL
		So the King would have you beieve, 
		but I was there.

				 VADER
		Then why wasn't he hunted down like 
		the others?

				 COLL
		Because he is too dangerous, too 
		clever.  Besides, his presence on 
		Townowi is still only a rumor.

				 HORUS
		Then why do you believe it?

				 COLL
		Because I knew him.  He's there 
		all right.  I can sense it.  Mark 
		my words, Townowi will not be 
		easily conquered.

13.  COURTYARD - PALACE OF LITE - TOWNOWI

	A low, sleek landspeeder (an auto-like transport which
	travels a few feet above the ground on a magnetic field) 
	glides into the courtyard of the palace of Townowi. 
	The planet, with its bright green sky, is a desert 
	wilderness;  but the palace is a sparkling oasis, with 
	low concrete walls and great turrets spilling over with 
	foliage from rooftop gardens.  The speeder stops before 
	an enormous shaded corridor.  Fountains line the 
	beautiful and highly polished  tile  walkway.  Two 
	young boys, OETA (7) and PUCK (5) are helped out of the 
	speeder by AMBER, a one-armed bodyguard dressed in the 
	flowing white robes of the Townowi military.  The two 
	boys run through the long corridors, yelling and 
	screaming, their little footsteps echoing throughout 
	the palace.

14.  LIBRARY - PALACE OF LITE - TOWNOWI

	The palace library is a dim, cool room, projecting an 
	aura of time-worn comfort and security.  In the 
	distance, the children can be heard screaming through 
	the corridors.  KING KAYOS, silver haired but amazingly 
	youthful under a tanned and leathery face, motions for 
	one of his aides to shut the partially closed door. 
	He is in the middle of an emergency meeting of the 
	Townowi High Senate.  The twelve men sit in overstuffed 
	chairs, placed in a large circle.  A large, sallow-eyed 
	galactic trader named AAY ZAVOS, fiddlesnervously with 
	a small scrap of leather as he speaks.

				 ZAVOS
		My Lord, the chrome companies are with 
		you in spirit, but you must understand, 
		they can't openly support you.  Royal 
		trade restrictions are very unfavorable 
		and we, of course, favor your indepen-
		dence.

				 KAYOS
		If there were to be war, would your 
		frigates still supply us?

				 ZAVOS
		Your bluntness is to be commended. 
		It could be arranged.

	COUNT SANDAGE, a corrupt noble of the senate, jumps to 
	his feet in a rage.

				 SANDAGE
		This is nonsense!  We have no choice 
		but to approve the treaty.  If there 
		is war, the New Galactic Kingdom will 
		destroy our entire system with a snap 
		of the finger.  General Skywalker is 
		a dreamer if he thinks he can mount 
		any meaningful resistance, and you're 
		dreamers if you believe him.  So much 
		trust in one aged man.  You must see...

	At that moment, all heads turn as someone enters the 
	room.  It is General Luke Skywalker, Commander of the 
	Townowi Star Force.  He is a large man, apparently in 
	his early forties, but actually much older.  Every-
	one senses the aura of power that radiates from this 
	great warrior.  Here is a leader:  a Dai general.  He 
	looks weary, but is still a magnificent looking warrior. 
	His face, cracked and weathered by exotic climates, is 
	set off by a close silver beard, and dark, penetrating 
	eyes.  Sandage is somewhat embarrassed and quietly sits 
	down.

				 SKYWALKER
		Is there anyone here so naive he 
		believes the Galactic Kingdom 
		would even bother negotiating if 
		they were contemplating destruction 
		of this system?  Your Excellencies, 
		this is more than a simple raid on 
		your resources.  You must reach a 
		decision.

	MIR NASH, a thin, birdlike senator, turns to General 
	Skywalker.

				 NASH
		General Skywalker, war is a serious 
		business... a deadly business.

				 SKYWALKER
		Procrastination is a deadly business, 
		Senator.  War is my business.  Have 
		you approved my defense measures?

	The GRANDE MOUFF TARKIN wears the long black robes of 
	the Townowian religion.  He speaks with a high, 
	cracking voice.

				 TARKIN
		An actual war with the Galactic Kingdom
		is still only a remote possibility.  As 
		a military treatise, your proposal has 
		certain merits, but in the harsh light 
		of reality, an attack against the Galac-
		tic Kingdom appears to be a somewhat 
		extreme defense.

				 NASH
		You must understand, General, weÕre
		interested in avoiding a war, not 
		starting one.

				 SKYWALKER
		There are times when offense makes 
		the best defense.  If that Alliance 
		Treaty isn't signed, we will need 
		all the advantage we can get.

				 KAYOS
		Count Sandage, I want you to head 
		the delegation to Granicus.  You 
		will leave tomorrow with our answer 
		regarding the treaty.  My decision 
		will be forthcoming.

	The senators whisper among themselves.

				 KAYOS (Cont.)
		All right, then.  May the force 
		of others be with you all.

	The senators leave in a flurry of hushed conversation. 
	The general is lost in thought, and remains in his chair. 
	Oeta and Puck, King KayoÕs two young sons, storm through 
	the existing senators, and rush on to Kayos' lap.  The 
	King is obviously very proud of the two young princes. 
	He throws Oeta into the air, and then catches him again.

				 PUCK
		Me too! Me too!

				 OETA
		Zara's leaving!  Zara's leaving and 
		you gotta say good-bye.

	The King picks up Puck and swings him around, then puts 
	him down.

				 KAYOS
		Okay, whippersnapper, go tell your 
		mother and your sister that I'm on 
		my way.

	The two boys run out of the room and are heard yelling 
	and screaming down the hallway. The king starts out, but
	stops in front of the general.

				 KAYOS
		Luke, my daughter is leaving for the 
		academy at Chathos. Won't you come 
		and wish her well?  It would mean a 
		lot to her.  She truly idolizes you, 
		you know.  Come on, the war will 
		wait.

				 SKYWALKER
		Of course. I'm sorry, My Lord. 
		Politics always seem to distress me.

	General Skywalker rises, and as they head for the door, 
	Kayos pats him on the back.

				 KAYOS
		I know, Luke.  I feel THE FORCE also.

15.  COURTYARD - PALACE OF LITE - TWONOWI

	A large, four-seat speeder sits gleaming in the sun-
	soaked courtyard.  The PRINCESS ZARA, about fourteen 
	years old, possessing a soft beauty and iron will, is
	embracing her mother, QUEEN BREHA, a warm, silver-
	haired matron.  There are tears in the princess' blue 
	eyes.  Oeta and Puck jump around inside the speeder, 
	disrupting the efforts of the one-armed Amber to pack 
	several plaxiform cases.

	Zara embraces the King as he approaches with the 
	general.

				 ZARA
		Oh, Daddy, I'll miss you so.

				 KAYOS
		The semester will be over before you 
		know it.  You'll have a grand time. 
		There are so many new things to learn. 
		I wish I were going.
	He gives her a fatherly smile, and she hugs him again. 
	The general stands rather formally to one side.  The 
	princess, her long auburn hair tied in braids, moves 
	to the general and he bows before her.

				 SKYWALKER
		May your studies do you honor.

	Zara is somewhat embarrassed by the general's formality 
	and can only manage an awkward smile before returning 
	to her parents at the speeder.

				 BREHA
		Hurry, Zara.  You must make it to 
		Yuell before nightfall.

	The princess' maids-in-waiting, ALANA, a short stocky 
	girl, and MINA, more comely (somewhat that same stature 
	as Zara) with long dark hair, giggle and straighten 
	Zara's dress before she enters the speeder.  The prin-
	cess and Mina hug Alana, whose giggles have turned to 
	tears.  The two boys scramble out of the speeder as 
	Amber helps the princess and her maid into the back 
	seat.  The speeder is piloted by a trooper of the 
	first order.  Amber jumps into the seat beside him, 
	and the speeder starts with a low buzzing sound.  The 
	princess waves to her family, and Mina waves to Alana 
	as the speeder slowly glides out of the courtyard.

16.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The huge war room is a mass of glass enclosures, 
	electronic wall displays, monitors, and computer 
	stations.  General Skywalker enters a control station, 
	followed by a covey of military aides of various ranks. 
	As the group hurry through the crowded room, men rise 
	and salute the new arrivals.  The general stops before 
	a giant display of the galaxy.  Small symbols flash on 
	and off over various portions of the big board.  The 
	general studies it intently.

				 SKYWALKER
		Montross!

	CAPTAIN MONTROSS, one of the general's aides, snaps to
	attention.

				 MONTROSS
		Sir!

				 SKYWALKER
		What's the TQ on this?

				 MONTROSS
		The last frigate to leave Granicus 
		was at twenty-three forty, Sir.

				 SKYWALKER
		Have any ships at all left the 
		planet?  (to another aide)  Check 
		with the Guild on NORTON THREE.

				 MONTROSS
		At twenty-four hundred, a full 
		battalion of stardestroyers left 
		for what is projected to be 
		ANCHORHEAD, or a nearby system.

				 SKYWALKER
		And no word from Oxus.  He should 
		have reported by now.  CAPTAIN PRUE!

	An older, academic looking aide, steps forward.

				 PRUE
		Sir!

				 SKYWALKER
		What do you make of this?

				 PRUE
		A battalion is invasion force, but the 
		Royal Galactic Kingdom controls that 
		entire part of the galaxy.  A revolution, 
		maybe?  At any rate, they're going in the 
		wrong direction to be any trouble for us.

	The general ponders this for a few moments, then speaks
	almost to himself.

				 SKYWALKER
		I don't know.  It doesn't feel good.

				 MONTROSS
		Put 'em on alert.

	A loud uproar is heard on the far side of the war room.
	Everyone turns to see a foreign dressed warrior pushing 
	his way past several guards and war-room bureaucrats. 
	The warrior, with his long hair tied in an odd bun on 
	the top of his head, is Akira Valor.  He is followed by 
	his son, Justin, who rudely pushes the pesky bureaucrats 
	out of the way.

				 BUREAUCRATS
		It's restricted.  You'll have to 
		wait.  (etc.)

				 AKIRA
		Get out of my way, boy, before I 
		grind you into the surface. (etc.)

	As the dauntless Akira approaches the general, the guards
	stop in bewilderment as General Skywalker rushes up to 
	the warrior and embraces him.  The two Dai warriors 
	laugh jubilantly and slap one another, as the aides and
	bureaucrats look on in amazement.

				 SKYWALKER
		Akira Valor - you old muscle-rat! 
		What a sight!  We heard that you 
		had been executed.

				 AKIRA
		So the Galactic Kingdom would have 
		you believe.  I've been in the 
		KESSIL System.  You remember little 
		Justin.

	Akira puts his arms around his son, who has been making 
	eyes at one of the cute young female aides. He bows 
	before the general.

				 SKYWALKER
		He takes after his mother!  (they laugh)  
		It's so good to see you.

				 AKIRA
		It's wonderful to be with another 
		Dai again.  There are so few of us 
		left.

	The cute aide goes back to her duties, flirting with 
	Justin as she passes.  The young warrior pinches her 
	on the ass, which startles her, but she goes on like 
	nothing has happened.

				 SKYWALKER
		What a sight!

	The two Dai stand looking at one another, hardly believing
	the other is real.  Finally, the general realizes his 
	aides are standing around, gawking at the duo.

				 SKYWALKER (to the aides)
		Wake up, gentlemen.  You're on alert. 
		Keep me posted on that battalion.

17.  CONTROL STATION - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The general, Akira and Justin enter a small glass enclosed
	control office.  They sit, and an awkward silence ensues 
	as each man waits for the other to speak.

				 AKIRA
		I've come for your help.

				 SKYWALKER
		Anything you ask.  You're a Dai 
		brother.  We're one.

				 AKIRA
		My friend, we've been through much 
		together.  I've been through much 
		since we parted.  I've lost much. 
		The Legions of Lettow have chased 
		us half way across the galaxy.  There 
		is no refuge.  One day they will come 
		here.  Take my son as your JUWO 
		learner.  He would be a Dai.  I've
		trained him from birth.  He's reached 
		the fifth stage. He fought in the 
		Kessilian civil wars and commanded a 
		Hubble expedition to the CONE Systems. 
		He's a good boy, Luke, and one hell 
		of a fighter.

	The general looks down, somewhat embarrassed. He scratches
	his head, then smiles.

				 SKYWALKER
		Old friend, you do me too much honor. 
		I was never a match for you.  Why don't 
		you finish his training yourself?

				 AKIRA
		I'm too old, Luke. I can't go on. 
		You must finish it.

				 SKYWALKER
		What kind of talk is this?  You're 
		not the old Valor I remember.  Too 
		old?!?

	Akira Valor suddenly ignites in a rage and swings 
	his left forearm down with a mighty blow across the 
	solid chrome desk the general is sitting at.  The 
	old Dai warrior's forearm cracks in two, spewing forth 
	wires  and many fine multicolored electronic components. 
	The artificial limb flops lifelessly to Valor's side. 
	The warrior rips open his tunic, revealing a plastic 
	chest stuffed with flashing electronic parts.

				 AKIRA (angrily)
		I'm not the same.  There is nothing 
		left but my head and right arm.  I've 
		lost too much, Luke.  I'm dying.

	The general bows his head in sorrow for one of the 
	greatest warriors in the galaxy and a dear friend.

				 SKYWALKER
		I'm sorry...

				 AKIRA
		I'm sorry.  I keep losing control. 
		I'm very tired.  Take my son!  The DAI 
		NOGAS must survive.  We must pass it 
		on.  Only a Dai can stop Son Hhat. 
		We're very old, Luke.  A new 
		generation of Dai must be started. 
		Take him;  teach him the way of 
		the Dai Nogas.

	Captain Montross bursts into the office and somewhat
	excitedly salutes the general.

				 MONTROSS
		Sir, we have picked up something! 
		An asteroid, or solid comet moving 
		away from the Anchorhead System.

18.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The general rushes out of the control station and back 
	to the giant galactic display.  He is followed by 
	Montross, Akira and Justin.

				 SKYWALKER
		Are you sure it's not the battalion?

				 MONTROSS
		A solid object.  It's as big as our 
		Third Moon.

				 PRUE
		It's too large to be man-made, and it's 
		too slow to be a comet.

				 SKYWALKER
		Analysis?

				 MONTROSS
		It's too far out.

				 SKYWALKER
		I'll be with the king.  Report as soon 
		as you can get a reading on it.  (turning 
		to Akira's son)  Captain Valor, from now 
		on you stick close to me.

	The older Valor smiles, and puts his good arm around 
	his old friend.

19.  DINING CHAMBER - PALACE OF LITE - TOWNOWI

	King Kayos moves his arm around Breha's waist as they 
	stand on a balcony watching two giant twin suns in the 
	green sky disappear behind a distant dune range.  The 
	general enters, rather in a rush, followed by the 
	young Valor, who is now dressed in the white uniform of 
	the Townowi star force.  (He still wears the distinctive
	Kessilian hair knot.)  They bow before the King.

				 KAYOS (pointing to the suns)
		Aren't they beautiful, General? 
		"Always and never the same." 
		You're just in time for dinner.

				 SKYWALKER
		I have come for other reasons.  
		Could...?

				 KAYOS
		Relax, General.  We will discuss it, 
		but over dinner.  There are times, 
		Luke, when I find you a bit too rigid. 
		Is this your new disciple?

	Justin is ill at ease and bows again.

				 JUSTIN
		Justin Valor, sir.

				 KAYOS
		Where's your father?

				 SKYWALKER
		He left for the spaceport at GORDON 
		to visit an old friend, Han Solo, 
		the UREALLIAN.

				 KAYOS
		We are becoming quite a refuge.

	The group sit at a large table and food is brought in by
	servants.  They eat.  Justin is nervous and watches the
	general, to make sure he is being proper.

				 SKYWALKER
		My Lord, several events have occurred 
		which lead me to believe we are in 
		imminent danger of attack.  There is 
		no longer time for discussion and debate.

				 KAYOS
		What events?

				 SKYWALKER
		Oxus, our best agent, has disappeared 
		in the galactic capital. There is 
		unusual military traffic in the S-4 
		sectors.

				 KAYOS
		Unless you have direct, concrete proof 
		of a pending attack, there is nothing 
		I can do.

				 SKYWALKER
		By the time we have proof, it may be 
		too late.

				 KAYOS
		Luke, I'm leaving tonight for AMSEL. 
		I'm meeting with the full assembly 
		first thing in the morning.  I am not 
		going to approve the Alliance Treaty, 
		and I will get your defense measure 
		approved.  Just be patient.  You will 
		have the war code.

				 SKYWALKER
		Tomorrow may be too late.  My Lord, 
		I need the war code now.  We must 
		get our forces into space.

				 KAYOS
		But it must be done legally, with 
		everyone's approval.  Tomorrow you 
		will have that.  I doubt the New 
		Galactic Kingdom would attack before 
		receiving our answer.  The separation 
		of war powers is the one condition 
		upon which you assumed command of our 
		forces.  You're a friend, Luke, and  
		I trust you;  but you're also an out-
		lander who controls a great deal of 
		power.  I can't forsake my oath any 
		more than you can.  Just be patient. 
		You will have the code tomorrow.

	Captain Montross enters the large chamber and bows before 
	the King.

				 MONTROSS
		I bring a report to General Skywalker, 
		My Lord.

				 KAYOS
		You may deliver it.

				 MONTROSS
		Sir, the asteroid has disappeared from 
		our scopes.  There is no trace of it.

				 SKYWALKER
		Were they able to analyze it?

				 MONTROSS
		It never came within range, sir.

	The general rises, quickly followed by Captain Valor.

				 GENERAL
		Excuse us, My Lord.  We'd better 
		get back.  I will wait patiently 
		for the approval.

	The general and Montross exit the chamber.  Valor takes 
	one last bite of his dinner, then dashes after his mentor.

20.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The general sits rigidly  facing the big galactic display
	board.  Several aides and bureaucrats rush to and fro,
	ignoring the general.  He is asleep.  Captain Prue 
	approaches the general and snaps to attention.  The 
	general's eyes open.

				 SKYWALKER
		What are the results?

				 PRUE
		Negative, Sir.

				 SKYWALKER
		Are you sure?

				 PRUE
		Absolutely.

				 SKYWALKER
		It's just not possible.  Something 
		that size can't just disappear with-
		out a trace.  Check it again.

				 PRUE
		That's the tenth negative, Sir.

				 SKYWALKER
		I said check it again.

	Captain Prue retreats to a computer station. The general
	looks around for Captain Valor.

				 SKYWALKER
		Valor!

	Everyone near the general turns, but Valor doesn't show.

				 SKYWALKER
		Where is that boy?  Montross!

	Montross rushes up to the general and snaps to attention.

				 SKYWALKER
		Page Captain Valor.

	Montross goes back to his station and a few moments later,
	Captain Valor is paged over the P.A. system.  The general
	waits, watching the big board.  Eventually, Justin stumbles
	out of an enclosed computer closet, fastening his pants and
	tucking in his tunic.  A moment later, the cute female aide
	rather sheepishly exits the computer closet.  She also is 
	in the process of putting her uniform back together.  Justin
	rushes up to the general and snaps to attention.

	The general lets him stand there for a moment, not acknow-
	ledging his presence;  then, suddenly without warning and 
	in one masterful flash motion, the general stands, grabs 
	a small baton attached to his belt (which immediately 
	ignites into a four-foot glowing lazersword) and swings 
	at the young warrior's head.  In an equally quick movement,
	Justin ignites his lazersword and blocks the general's 
	blow.  Everyone in the war room is surprised and startled.
	After a moment, they rush to the general.  Justin and the
	general stand motionless for a few moments, with lazer-
	swords locked in mid-air.  Finally, the general grins and Justin
	hesitantly relaxes.  They lower their swords and turn them off.

				 SKYWALKER
		You are trained well, but remember, 
		a Dai must be single-minded, a 
		discipline your father obviously 
		never learned, hence your existence.
		Clean yourself up.  Discipline is 
		essential.  Your mind must follow 
		the way of the Nogas.

				 JUSTIN
		It won't happen again, sir.  There 
		are many new....

				 P.A.
		General Skywalker, white com.

	The general moves to a control station and picks up a phone.

				 PHONE VOICE
		Sir, Captain Oxus has just been 
		admitted to Med Vac.

				 SKYWALKER
		What's his condition?

				 PHONE VOICE
		No data, sir.

				 SKYWALKER
		I'm on my way.

21.  MED VAC EMERGENCY ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Captain Valor waits in an outer chamber as General Sky-
	walker rushes into the Med Vac emergency room where
	several doctors are working on the prostrate Oxus.

				 SKYWALKER
		What's his condition?  Is 
		he conscious?

				 DOCTOR
		Partially.  He'll be all right - 
		a few bruises, primary exhaustion...

	Oxus thrashes around in a semi-conscious state.  He sees 
	the general.

				 SKYWALKER
		What happened, boy?  What's going on?

				 OXUS (with difficulty)
		The Royal Starforce is already on its 
		way, not far behind me.  They're going 
		to attack.

				 SKYWALKER
		Are you sure?

				 OXUS
		I have tapes.  A giant space fortress...

	He struggles to give General Skywalker his ring.

				 SKYWALKER
		As big as our Third Moon?

				 OXUS
		Bigger.  It's unlike anything 
		I've ever seen.  Sophisticated 
		deflection systems - works in 
		opposition to the suns.

				 SKYWALKER
		Then they will show up on our 
		screens at sunrise.  They'll 
		attack before that.

	The general rushes into the outer chamber where Captain
	Valor is waiting for him.

				 SKYWALKER
		Take the fastest landspeeder to 
		Chathos.  Pick up Princess Zara -
		and only Princess Zara.  Return by 
		way of the Great Reef.  Most speed.

	Valor exits and the general goes to an intercom and
	pushes several buttons.

				 SKYWALKER
		Montross!

				 MONTROSS
		Sir!

				 SKYWALKER
		Full alert - everything!  Get the 
		Royal Family back here.

				 MONTROSS
		The princess is at Chathos.  There 
		are no transports...

				 SKYWALKER
		I've already sent Captain Valor for 
		her!  Contact the King, first priority. 
		He's probably still en route to Amsel.  
		Use the scan com.  I'm on my way.

22.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The war room is on full alert.  Everyone is at attention
	waiting for the command that will put each of them into 
	action.  The general enters a communication center, 
	followed by many aides.  Captain Montross and the com 
	aide salute.

				 MONTROSS
		We're having a problem getting 
		through, sir.  There is a great 
		deal of interference.

				 PRUE
		It could be jamming.

				 SKYWALKER
		Try a surface link through Amsel.

	The aides go back to the com-link system to try to get a 
	line through to the King.

				 PRUE
		We should be able to spot them at 
		sunrise.  That's not too far off.

				 SKYWALKER
		They'll attack with sunrise.  Until 
		the King gives us the code to start 
		the war computers, we'll just have 
		to sit tight.

				 PRUE
		All units are on alert, sir.

				 SKYWALKER (to Montross)
		Have you made contact yet?  (to himself)  
		This is one hell of a way to run a war.

				 PRUE
		Sir?

23.  COURTYARD - ACADEMY OF CHATHOS - TOWNOWI

	A landspeeder roars into a courtyard of the academy at
	Chathos.  Valor jumps out, and runs up to the large,
	heavy doors of the academy.  They are locked.  He 
	bangs madly on the carved metallic door until finally 
	an old woman manages to swing it open.  Valor rushes 
	past her into the main courtyard, where Princess Zara 
	and her handmaiden, Mina, struggle with two large cases. 
	They are followed by two very old matrons, dragging 
	several more cases.

				 JUSTIN
		Forget the cases;  we've no time.

				 ZARA
		These are my things.  They must...

				 JUSTIN
		I said forget them, and hurry.

				 ZARA
		Just who do you think you are?

	Valor grabs the princess by the arm, and hauls her to the
	speeder.  Mina and the old women run after them.

				 ZARA
		I will not be treated like this!  You 
		bring my things.  My father will have 
		your head (etc.)

	Zara struggles to break away from the young warrior's grasp, 
	as he opens the door of the speeder.

				 JUSTIN
		Settle down!

	When the door to the speeder is opened, Mina starts in, 
	and Valor stops her.

				 JUSTIN
		You must stay.  Here, take the crest.

	Captain Valor rips the royal crest from the princess' 
	neck, and hands it to the startled handmaiden.  The old 
	women gasp in horror.  The princess starts hitting 
	Captain Valor with little result.

				 PRINCESS
		Mina's not staying.  I'm not leaving 
		her.  You can't...

	Valor punches her square on the jaw and knocks her cold. 
	Mina is panic stricken, one of the old women faints, and 
	another starts for Valor with a large staff.

				 JUSTIN
		She'll be all right.  I'm taking her 
		to safety, as ordered.  You will wear 
		the crest and continue as before.

	The authority of Captain Valor's voice stops the old lady.  
	He places the princess into the speeder, and maneuvers it 
	out of the courtyard.  Mina puts on the crest as the speeder
	races away from the academy.

24.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Queen Breha, Oeta and Puck are escorted into a rest area 
	of the war room.  General Skywalker sits rigidly in a chair 
	in the communications area, apparently asleep.

				 MONTROSS
		We've made contact, sir!

	The general opens his eyes and takes the intercom mike.

				 KAYOS
		What is it, General?

				 SKYWALKER
		The Royal Starforce will attack on the 
		rising of the sun.  My agent made it 
		back.  I now have proof.  I need the 
		war code.

				 KAYOS
		I'll relay it directly to the computer. 
		Is Breha...?

				 SKYWALKER
		The Royal Family is safe.  Captain 
		Valor has gone after Princess Zara.

				 KAYOS
		I'm on my way back.

25.  RED PLAINS - TOWNOWI

	The small caravan of four speeders sits motionless on the 
	vast red plains of Townowi.  The King returns the intercom 
	to the pilot and takes a small metallic card from around 
	his neck and gives it to the co-pilot.

				 KAYOS
		Send this sub-land, priority one.  
		(to the pilot)  Get us back to 
		CALVAS immediately!

	The four speeders turn around and scream away in the
	direction from which they came.   They pass a huge, ultra-
	sleek powerplow which is planting green fungus in endless
	furrows.  Two clay-covered farmers riding atop the pon-
	derous machine watch the speeders disappear over the 
	horizon.  The twin suns peek over the distant hillside. 
	and make their way into the vivid green sky.  A bright 
	object twinkling in early morning heavens  catches the 
	eye of the older of the two farmers  and he brings the 
	machine to a lumbering halt.  The younger farmer also 
	notices the object  and stares into the green sky, shading 
	his eyes to get a better view.

	Suddenly there is a huge, bright atomic flash on the 
	horizon.  A few moments later, a thunderous shaking, 
	followed by high winds, tumbles the older farmer from his
	perch.  A second flash on the opposite horizon brings 
	another jolting earthquake, and the younger farmer col-
	lapses, terror frozen on his face.

26.  READYROOM - SPACEPORT OUTPOST - TOWNOWI

	Chaos - red scramble lights are flashing.  Alert horns 
	and attack buzzers create an unbelievable cacophony. 
	Air warriors, with the distinctive circle and cross 
	medallion on their white space suits, scramble out of 
	the low concrete readyroom, grabbing helmets and space-
	packs as they race out of the door.

27.  ATTACK RUNWAY - SPACEPORT OUTPOST - TOWNOWI

	Thirty pilots and navigators dash in unison to a line of
	waiting two-man starships of the destroyer class.  Ground
	crews scurry back and forth, loading last-minute armament
	and unlocking power couplings.  PILOT LEADER, a rugged,
	handsome boy  of twenty, gives his ground crew a signal 
	that his is okay.  He has a winning smile and a distinctive 
	scar along the side of his face.  His crew chief pats him 
	on the back.

				 CHIEF
		Knock them all the way back to 
		Granicus.

	The canopy is closed and the powerful starship moves 
	onto the runway.  Other crewmen say good-bye to their 
	pilots, some grinning and others kidding - all with a 
	great deal of hidden emotion.  The din of four dozen
	retrorockets cuts through the uproar, and fifteen 
	silver spacecraft leave the runway and disappear into 
	the morning cloud cover.

28.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The general stands before a giant display of the 
	Townowian solar system.  Montross signals the general.

				 MONTROSS
		They're away, sir.  Fifteen from 
		Gordon, twenty from Amsel.  All 
		other spaceports were destroyed. 
		The King hasn't arrived yet.

				 SKYWALKER
		Keep checking.  Put the starshipÕs 
		intercom over the P.A.

	The general sits at one of the intercom panels  and puts 
	on a headphone.  A row of monitors is before him.  He 
	turns to Montross.

				 SKYWALKER
		Where are they?

29.  SPACE - TOWNOWI IN ECLIPSE

	The eerie reddish-yellow planet of Townowi slowly drifts
	into view from total eclipse.  A small, bright speck, 
	orbiting the planet, sparkles in the light of the twin 
	suns.  The six deadly starships settle ominously into the
	foreground, moving swiftly toward the orbiting speck.  As 
	the sleek starships move closer, the orbiting speck is 
	revealed to be a gargantuan space fortress.  The moon-
	sized satellite fortress dwarfs the approaching fighters. 
	Every few moments, explosions create blinding flashes on 
	the planet's surface, as the fortress bombards the planet 
	with a fusillade of lazer bolts.

30.  TOWNOWIAN STARSHIP - INTERIOR

	Pilot Leader, in the first ship, signals to his navigator 
	who sits in a small, isolated glass bubble to the rear of 
	the craft.  General Skywalker is seen on one of many 
	monitors.  A view of the space fortress is on another. 
	The rest are filled with various computer readouts and
	displays.  One of the other starships reports to Pilot 
	Leader.

				 DEVIL SIX (intercom)
		Look at the size of that thing! 
		Hey, Coelo, I hope you remembered 
		to bring your pop gun, 'cause I 
		think we caught us a big one this 
		time.

				 PILOT LEADER
		Cut off, Devil Six.  Stand by.

				 SKYWALKER (monitor)
		It looks like they're still using 
		the basic quad-tristation configura-
		tion.  Use a "ranger defense." 
		Concentrate on breath ports and lock 
		areas.

				 PILOT LEADER
		Affirmative base.  Copy and transmit.
		Devil Two, check your rotation plates.

				 DEVIL TWO
		Roger, Boss.  We're getting a thresh-
		hold disturbance on gyro-three.

				 SKYWALKER (monitor)
		Switch over, Five.  Cover it! 
		Devil pack, generate a spread six 
		formation.  May the force of others 
		protect you.

				 PILOT
		Settle in. Devil pack, stand by. 
		Mark five, break off. Here we go! 

31.  SPACE - TOWNOWIAN STARSHIP

	Fuel pods are jettisoned.  The half-dozen fighters break 
	off into a powerline attack on the huge fortress.  Multiple
	lazer bolts streak from the starships, creating small 
	explosions on the complex surface of the fort.

32.  INTERIOR MAIN CORRIDOR - ROYAL SPACE FORTRESS

	The chaos of battle echoes through the vast corridors of 
	the fortress.  Walls buckle and cave in, sucking debris 
	and personnel into the vacuum of outer space.  Alarm 
	sirens scream as soldiers scramble to large turbo-powered 
	lazer gun emplacements.  Sergeants yell orders through the 
	smoke and confusion.  Men and robots of various shapes and 
	sizes run to their battle stations.

33.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The monitors with pictures from the starships suddenly go 
	blank.  Technicians check channels as others in the war 
	room silently listen to the action over the intercom. The
	general remains calm but concerned.

				 PILOT LEADER (intercom)
		Tighten it up, Devil Two.  Tighten it up. 
		Watch those towers.

				 DEVIL TWO 
		Heavy fire, Boss, twenty-three degrees.

				 PILOT LEADER
		I see it. Pull in.  We're picking up some 
		interference.

				 DEVIL SIX
		Wow!  I've never seen such fire power.

				 PILOT LEADER
		Pull in, Devil Two.  Pull in! 

				 DEVIL TWO 
		I'm all right, Boss.  I've got a target.

				 DEVIL SIX
		ThereÕs too much action.  Get out!

				 PILOT LEADER
		Break off...acknowledge.  Devil Six, 
		can you see Devil Two?

				 DEVIL SIX
		I've lost him.  There's a very heavy 
		fire zone on this side.  My radar's 
		jammed.

				 DEVIL FIVE
		He's gone....No, wait.  There he is.
		Fin damage, but he's all right.

	A sigh of relief sweeps across the war room.  The monitors 
	flash on, then off again.

				 DEVIL FOUR (intercom)
		Watch your back, Boss!  Watch your 
		back!!

34.  TOWNOWI STARSHIP

	The speedy little fighters dart back and forth across the 
	soft underbelly of the fortress, leaving a trail of des-
	truction behind them.

				 PILOT LEADER
		Converge on south axis point, point three 
		nine four.  It appears accessible.  I'm 
		going to map the surface.  Devil Four, 
		cover me.

	Pilot Leader and Devil Four dive in unison through a forest 
	of radar domes, antennae, and gun towers.  Devil Four fires 
	into the protrusions as the two starships criss-cross the
	surface of the fortress.  Suddenly, a dense barrage of 
	lazerfire erupts from a tower, catching Devil Four broad-
	side.  The spacecraft bursts into a million flaming pieces.
	Pilot Leader reacts to the loss of his wing man, but con-
	tinues on his mission.

35.  SUB-HALLWAY - ROYAL SPACE FORTRESS

	Constant explosions rock the interior of the fortress.
	Civilians, including women and children, scurry for safety 
	in the panic-ridden hallways.  Two construction robots, 
	A-2 and C-3, are blown, slipping and sliding across the 
	hallway floor into some freight canisters.  Both robots 
	are rather old and battered.  A-2 is a short (three feet) 
	claw-armed triped.  His face is a mass of computer lights,
	surrounding a radar eye.  C-3 is a tall, gleaming android of
	human proportions.  He is thin, with a totally metallic 
	surface.  The robots attempt to get out from under the
	canisters, but rushing gas from a broken pipe keeps knocking
	them over.

				 C-3
		This is madness.  We're going to be 
		destroyed.  I'm still not accustomed 
		to space travel.

				 A-2
		The external bombardment does appear 
		to be concentrated in this area.  The 
		structure has exceeded the normal 
		stress quotient by point four, although 
		there appears to be no immediate danger.

				 C-3
		No immediate danger!  You're faulty. 
		This is madness!

	A-2 gives C-3 a sheepish look and clings to a siderail for 
	dear life, as debris flies through the hallway.

36.  TOWNOWI STARSHIP

	Devil Two, a young hotshot of about sixteen years, miracu-
	lously dives his ship through a virtual wall of lazerfire, 
	and blasts a huge radar disc into dust.  Devil Two signals 
	his navigator, who lets out a whooping cheer as the craft 
	veers into a victory roll.

				 PILOT LEADER
		Great moves, Devil Two.  Re-group at point 
		two, zero one.  Coincide, Devil Six.

				 SKYWALKER
		Devil One, your map projection shows a 
		weak point at south portal:  niner point 
		six.  Concentrate the attack on that 
		point.  Coordinate.
		
				 PILOT LEADER
		I see it.  It looks good.

	Devil Five and Devil Three bob and weave in formation 
	toward a giant transformer jutting from the fort's 
	surface.

				 DEVIL THREE
		I've got a... We're hit.  We're hit!

				 PILOT LEADER
		Eject...Eject.  Babs, Babs, do you read?

				 DEVIL THREE
		I'm okay.  I can hold it.  Clear me
		a little, Devil Five.  Watch it! 
		Watch it!

	Devil Three wobbles a little, then drops away sharply,
	plowing into a lazergun emplacement, causing a hideous 
	series of chain reaction explosions.

37.  SUB-HALLWAY - ROYAL SPACE FORTRESS

	A huge explosion rips a large hole in the ceiling of a sub-
	hallway.  A-2 and C-3 are in a state of shock as they 
	scramble through the rubble.  There is a constant sound of
	creaking and snapping as the sections of the hallway re-
	settle in the fortress superstructure.

				 A-2
		You're a mindless, useless philosopher. 
		Come on!  Let's go back to work;  the 
		system is all right.

				 C-3
		You overweight glob of grease.  Quit 
		following me.  Get away!  Get away!

	Suddenly, the hallway lurches, and a dead trooper falls
	through a gaping hole in the ceiling.  The foot of a carcass 
	is caught in the rubble and it hangs upside down, staring at 
	the two robots.  A-2 grabs C-3 and they cling to each other 
	in terror.

				 A-2
		We're lost.  We're destroyed.

	Three sharp blasts from an airhorn send the two androids 
	running for cover in a burned-out doorway.  Five grim-
	faced troopers riding small rocket platforms  pass the 
	two mechanical men.

38.  GOVERNOR'S QUARTERS - ROYAL SPACE FORTRESS

	The five troopers race through several hallways, and 
	finally stop in front of an important-looking office 
	complex.  Two officers dismount and enter the complex. 
	They pass through several heavily guarded doorways 
	until they reach the main chamber.  Seated behind a large
	cluttered desk, surrounded by generals and attaches, is
	Governor Horus.  General Vader paces in front of a row of 
	blank monitors.  The two officers salute General Vader.

				 FIRST OFFICER
		All com-link power is out.  Twenty-
		two transformer sections have been 
		destroyed.  The situation is grave 
		on all southern levels.  Com-link 
		communication should be repaired 
		shortly.

	The officers salute, turn and leave the chamber.  The 
	general turns to Governor Horus, who looks a little
	worried.

				 VADER
		Don't look so worried.  Not even a 
		Dai could penetrate this fortress.
		We've already wiped out most of 
		their forces.

				 HORUS
		If it goes on too long, we'll run 
		over budget.  When do the landings 
		begin?

				 VADER
		As soon as the attack has been 
		broken:  not long.

	A short, stocky attache salutes the general.

				 ATTACHE
		Contamination has set in on quadrants 
		B-5 and R-4.  All sections are sealed. 
		We've lost two major power stations 
		in the southern quadrants.  That puts 
		section 5-1 in serious trouble.

	The general turns away in controlled anger and embarrass-
	ment.

39.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The general sits in a glass-enclosed computer station,
	watching the battle progress on several monitors.  An 
	officer enters and salutes the general.

				 OFFICER
		Analysis reports those ZQ configurations 
		are definitely power transformers.  Every-
		thing in the southern sectors of the 
		fortress is out.

				 SKYWALKER

		I'm surprised they are still using exter-
		nal power units.  It's a definite weak 
		point.  Concentrate on searching for the 
		main crosslink transformer.

	The officer exits as Montross rushes in.

				 MONTROSS

		The senate has voted to end the war.

				 SKYWALKER
		They can't do anything without the 
		King's approval, which gives us a 
		little time.  Have you been able to 
		regain contact with the King?

				 MONTROSS
		No, sir.  All ground communications 
		are jammed.

				 SKYWALKER
		Send four men  from third squad  to 
		meet the King  and escort him back. 
		Let me know before he arrives.  Is 
		Captain Valor back with the princess?

				 MONTROSS
		No, sir.  They're long overdue.

	Pilot Leader checks in over the intercom.

				 PILOT LEADER
		All right, base one, we're in 
		position.

	An officer with headphones looks to the general.  He 
	signals to attack.

40.  TOWNOWI STARSHIPS

	All four starships dive in formation toward a main trans-
	former area  flanked by several solar towers.

				 PILOT LEADER
		Hold your fire until we're within point 
		zero five four.  Make it count.

	Several ack-ack lazers begin to open fire on the approaching 
	spacecraft.  The starships direct their fire at a large 
	black transformer  which when hit  spurts bright blue and 
	white electrical arcs.  One of the starships (Devil Five) 
	explodes and careens out of formation, leaving an erratic 
	trail of smoke, before eventually crashing into a solar 
	panel.

41.  SUB-HALLWAYS - ROYAL SPACE FORTRESS

	The impact of the exploding starship can be felt throughout 
	the giant fortress.  The tall gleaming C-3 races through 
	several corridors, yelling at A-2, who struggles vainly to 
	keep pace with his stubby mechanical feet.

				 C-3
		I don't care what you do, but I'm 
		getting out.  All the power's out. 
		Those explosions are coming from 
		the reactor section.  This is the 
		end. Abandon ship!

				 A-2
		Our work - we can't leave!  It's 
		desertion.  It's not possible. 
		It's not possible.

				 C-3
		Your programming is so limited. 
		My first order is preservation. 
		You stay.  I'm going to eject 
		before the whole thing goes up.

	C-3 breaks open the seal on an emergency lifepod.  A 
	red warning light begins to flash, and a low hum is 
	heard.  The lanky chrome android works his way into 
	the cramped four-man craft.

				 A-2
		These lifepods aren't for us. 
		It's not right!

	A new explosion, this time very close, sends dust and 
	debris through the narrow passageway.  Flames lick at 
	the two robots.  The runt-sized A-2 jumps  into the 
	lifepod.

				 A-2
		It's the end.  Eject.  Eject.

	The safety door snaps shut, and the pod ejects from the
	fortress.

42.  TOWNOWI STARSHIPS

	The terrified androids in the lifepod speed away from 
	the fortress  and pass the attacking starships.

				 DEVIL TWO
		Object approaching.  Attack bearing.

				 DEVIL FOUR
		It's a lifepod.  Forget it.  We've got...

	Devil Four is hit by lazerfire, and disintegrates, leaving 
	a trail of flaming particles.  The two remaining craft 
	continue the assault.  Devil Two and Pilot Leader watch 
	the remains of Devil Four disappear.  The general appears 
	over one of the monitors.

				 SKYWALKER
		Analysis indicates transformer code 
		zero three is the main relay.  Hit it, 
		and the whole thing goes dead.

				 PILOT LEADER
		We're on our way.

43.  GOVERNOR'S QUARTERS - ROYAL SPACE FORTRESS

	A row of monitors and the main overhead lights go on, and 
	a trooper appears on one of the screens.

				 TROOPER
		Internal relays operative.  All 
		power restored.  All contaminated 
		areas sealed.

	An officer appears on another monitor.

				 OFFICER
		Only two enemy craft remain operative. 
		We calculate victory by zero three 
		hundred.

	General Vader switches to another monitor.

				 VADER
		Alert the invasion forces.  (turning 
		to the governor)  The planet is ours. 
		A three-hour war.  You expected 
		longer.  Dai or not, we've beaten 
		him, and the culture is intact.

				 HORUS
		A truly great prize for the kingdom. 
		They have a treasure of biotic science. 
		Genetics, cloning - they've added two
		hundred years to a lifespan.  Remember, 
		you must capture at least one member of 
		the Royal Family alive.  The Townowi 
		family has ruled this system for ten 
		thousand years.  The people will follow 
		no other.  If the royal line is broken, 
		there is a good chance the entire 
		population will destroy themselves and 
		their knowledge before submitting to our 
		rule.

	The general is interrupted by a call on one of the 
	monitors.

				 OFFICER (on monitor)
		We've received a message from the 
		planet.

44.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	General Skywalker watches a giant computer display of 
	the space fortress mapped by the starships.  An aide
	approaches.

				 AIDE
		Sir!  The King's convoy has destroyed 
		at Caldin.  All the bodies were con-
		taminated.

				 SKYWALKER
		I will audience with the Queen. 
		Who knows of this?

				 AIDE
		Many.  It came through civilian 
		sources.

				 SKYWALKER
		Confine Senator Sandage to his 
		quarters.  Use any pretext.  Where 
		is the senator now?

	Sandage and several other senators enter the computer
	station.

				 SANDAGE
		Right here, General.  It's over. 
		We've already relayed peace terms 
		to the kingdom, and they've been 
		accepted.  Your war has ended.

	The general is angry and stands pointing at the senators.
	They jump back, as if the general were pointing a gun at
	them.

				 SKYWALKER
		Senator, this war isn't over.  It's 
		just begun.  I take my commands 
		from the Royal Family.

				 SANDAGE
		The Queen concurs.  I have her 
		written decree.  It is to be 
		implemented immediately.  I order 
		you to cease the attack.

				 SKYWALKER
		Not likely.

				 SANDAGE
		Treason?  Revolution?  The people 
		won't follow you, General, nor will 
		your troops.  I suggest you follow 
		your orders.

	General Skywalker stands angrily pondering the situation.
	Sandage and the other senators are tense, a little afraid
	that he might cut them down on the spot.

				 SANDAGE
		Well, General?

45.  LIFEPOD - GREEN SKY OVER TOWNOWI

	The reddish-yellow mass of Townowi seems to engulf the 
	tiny lifepod containing the two fleeing androids, as it 
	descends into the greenish atmosphere.

				 A-2
		It's desertion.  They'll destroy us. 
		How could this happen?

				 C-3
		That's funny.  The damage doesn't 
		look as bad from out here.

46.  TOWNOWI STARSHIPS

	Pilot Leader and Devil Two make a second dive on the now
	smoldering transformer area.  All firing from the fortress 
	suddenly stops.  Pilot Leader looks back to his navigator, 
	who is equally puzzled.  The two fighters continue to attack 
	the now silent fortress.

				 DEVIL TWO
		I don't get it.  What do you 
		think, Boss?

	General Skywalker appears on the monitors.

				 SKYWALKER (with difficulty)
		Base one to Devil Leader, scramble code 
		niner.  Break your attack and return to 
		base.  Repeat, break your attack. 
		Confirm.

				 PILOT LEADER
		They're hurt, sir, but they still have 
		power.  We should finish...

				 SKYWALKER
		Break off.  The war is over.  Run on 
		white lights.  Get back here, Mace. 
		We're going to need you.

				 PILOT LEADER
		Confirmed base one.  We're on our way. 
		Did you copy, Devil Two?

				 DEVIL TWO
		Roger, Boss.

	The two starfighters break off the attack and start back
	toward the planet.  Without warning, the fort directs
	concentrated fire at the two starfighters.  Devil Two
	instantly bursts into flames, then disintegrates.  Pilot
	Leader's tail section is hit, and the ship pinwheels 
	toward the planet.  Blood covers Pilot Leader's immobile 
	face.

				 PILOT LEADER'S NAVIGATOR
		We're under fire.  They're still shooting.  
		I thought it was over.  We're hit!  We're 
		hit!  Pilot is dead.... Ejecting.

	The dead Pilot Leader is jettisoned free of the craft, but 
	the navigator's eject panel is dead.  He struggles with it, 
	then bangs on the canopy to no avail.  The navigator is 
	still trapped in the craft when it explodes, leaving only 
	a puff of pink smoke reflected in the rim light of the 
	planet.

47.  DESERT NEAR OUTPOST - TOWNOWI

	Pilot Leader's dead body drifts toward his arid mother-
	planet.  Automatic rockets kick in occasionally to direct 
	and soften the landing.  Two gray-clad troopers stand next 
	to a military landspeeder, watching the descending air-
	warrior through electrobinoculars.  Mace's corpse hits the
	ground rather hard, creating a whirlwind of dust, and the 
	two troopers rush over to the pilot.  The younger of the 
	two troopers, a young boy in his teens, cradles the dead 
	starpilot in his arms and begins to cry.

48.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	General Skywalker sits alone, meditating in the deserted 
	war room.  Montross approaches the contemplative general.

				 MONTROSS
		No sign of Captain Valor or the 
		princess.  There was much damage 
		in that area.  The Queen will see 
		you at ten hundred.

	The general doesn't reply.

49.  ASSEMBLY - DEPARTURE AREA - ROYAL SPACE FORTRESS

	General Vader stands behind a row of men at computer 
	control panels overlooking a huge assembly of troop, 
	tanks, and transports. A commander reports to the general.

				 COMMANDER
		All enemy craft destroyed.  First 
		and fifth division troops and 
		equipment standing by.

	The general gives a sly smile of approval and takes a
	microphone from one of the computer technicians.  He 
	speaks to the troops and pilots waiting in their huge 
	war machines for the invasion order.

				 VADER
		The war is won.  With the conquering 
		of this  system, we have ushered in a 
		new millennium for the New Galactic 
		Kingdom which will echo throughout the 
		universe.  Our reward is the knowledge 
		this system possesses.  This planet 
		must be controlled with a minimum 
		of force, but you must not think 
		lightly of this enemy.  They have 
		exacted a heavy toll.  Today you will 
		make the kingdom complete.  Do so with 
		pride and care.

	Vader puts down the mike, and turns to his commander.

				 VADER
		Let the invasion begin.

50.  EDGE OF THE DUNE SEA - TOWNOWI

	KUROLAND, or "No-Man's Land," where the rugged desert 
	mesas meet the foreboding dune sea.  The two helpless astro 
	robots kick up clouds of dust as they clumsily work their 
	way across the desert coastline.  The short A-2 struggles 
	desperately to keep up with the long-legged C-3.

				 A-2
		It's not possible.  We're not 
		built for this.  You're nothing 
		more than a dim-witted, emotion
		brained intellectual.  Why you 
		were created is beyond my logic 
		systems.  Thanks to you, we're 
		now deserters, and will probably 
		be destroyed on sight.  And on 
		top of that, you're going the 
		wrong way!  All this filth is 
		getting...

	The towering C-3 stops short and turns on the blabbering 
	mechanical runt.

				 C-3
		I've had enough of you, you 
		pragmatic, nearsighted scrap 
		pile.  You go your own way.

	He picks up the tiny robot and tosses him several feet into 
	a large sand dune.  C-3 starts off in the direction of the 
	dune sea.  A-2 struggles to his feet and shakes a metallic 
	claw arm at his disappearing ex-partner.

				 A-2
		You'll be malfunctioning within a 
		day.  You're going the wrong way, 
		but your way is always the wrong 
		way.

	C-3 stops and yells to the smaller android.

				 C-3
		And don't let me catch you following 
		me, begging for help, because you 
		won't get it from me.

	A-2Õs reply is a rather rude sound, which only an electronic 
	person could make.  He turns and trudges off in the opposite 
	direction into the rocky desert mesas.

51.  DUNE SEA - TOWNOWI

	C-3, hot and tired, struggles up over the ridge of the dune, 
	only to find more dunes, which seem to go on for endless 
	miles.  He looks back in the direction he came.

				 C-3
		You little malfunctioning twerp. 
		This is all your fault.  You tricked
		me into going this way, but you'll do 
		no better!

	He sits in a huff of anger and frustration, knocking the 
	sand from his joints.

52.  DESERT MESA - TOWNOWI

	A-2 stumbles through a narrow canyon until he climbs over 
	a small boulder and sees before him a sight he first thinks 
	is a mirage.  Nestled in a rock formation is a deserted 
	landspeeder.  Once the little robot is convinced that he 
	is alone, he approaches the battered speeder and begins to 
	analyze it.  He climbs into the pilot's seat  and attempts 
	to start the unfamiliar transport.  He hears a sound and 
	stops for a moment.  He sees nothing, so he continues to 
	fiddle with the control panel until the speeder lurches 
	forward with a start, banging into a large rock.  The 
	stubby android is shaken, but neither he  nor the speeder 
	seems to be damaged.

	Shivers run down A-2's metal spine, and again he has an
	eerie feeling that he is being watched.  He slowly looks
	around  and sees a large man, Captain Valor, standing 
	directly behind him.  He is startled, then terrified.

				 JUSTIN
		Where is your master?

	The little robot clicks and rattles, but doesn't speak.

				 JUSTIN (Cont.)
		Can't you speak?  How do you relate 
		your data?  You're of Karollian manu-
		facture.  You should be able to talk. 
		Are you damaged?

	Valor pokes at the machine  but doesn't see any damage. 
	A-2 eyes him suspiciously.  The robot turns with a start 
	and discovers a young girl, Princess Zara, has been 
	standing next to him for some time.

				 PRINCESS (sarcastically)
		Well, General, who's your friend?

				 JUSTIN
		I don't know.  He doesn't seem to 
		be able to talk.  Damaged, probably...
		Jettisoned from a damaged ship...

				 PRINCESS
		What do you intend to do with it?

				 JUSTIN
		We'll take it with us.  Could be a 
		storehouse of valuable information.

	Justin guides the android into the small luggage area 
	behind the front seat, then hops into the driver's seat.

				 PRINCESS
		I don't want to ride with that thing. 
		I order you to destroy it immediately.

				 JUSTIN
		Get in!  We've got to hurry if we're 
		going to get across the "dunehedge" 
		by nightfall.  You're coming, one way 
		or the other.  Will you join us peace-
		ably?

	The princess reluctantly gets into the speeder, and it starts 
	with a jolt.

53.  LANDSPEEDER - DESERT MESAS - TOWNOWI

	The speeder flies along, a foot or so above the landscape.

				 PRINCESS
		You are such a barbarian.  I'll have 
		my father cut you into little pieces 
		when we get back...and I'll take 
		pleasure in feeding you to the Gonthas,
		a little bit each day.  I may save your 
		eyes though.  I'll have them petrified 
		and made into a necklace.

				 JUSTIN
		Your sweetness is only surpassed by your 
		beauty.  Just try to remember, I'm only 
		following orders.

				 PRINCESS
		To beat and abuse me?
					 
				 JUSTIN
		I'm afraid I've only learned one way 
		to treat wild animals.

	A-2 thrashes about, trying to relieve the pressure on his	 
	cramped legs.

				 PRINCESS
		You stay out of this.

54.  DUNE SEA

	C-3 struggles to the top of a large dune.  He is dirty and 
	hot.  His plight seems hopeless.  He searches the horizon 
	for any sign of life.  A glint of reflected light in the 
	distance  reveals an object speeding toward him.  The 
	chrome android waves frantically  and yells at the 
	approaching speeder.  The sleek landspeeder races past 
	him about a hundred yards away.  He runs after it, 
	screaming in desperation, until he stumbles and falls 
	head over heels down an enormous sand dune.  Silently,	 
	the speeder sweeps around in a circle and stops behind 
	the immobile robot.  Valor jumps out of the speeder and 
	is quickly followed by A-2.

				 PRINCESS
		We're in a hurry, remember!  If 
		you're going to stop for every 
		unfortunate along the way, we'll 
		never get back.  We're lucky you 
		got the speeder running as it is.

	A-2 waddles up to his fallen partner and starts pulling on 
	his leg, then runs up and starts pulling on his arm.

				 A-2
		Function!  Function!  It's me. 
		Come on, function.

				 VALOR
		Well, my little friend, you've 
		found your tongue.

				 A-2
		We must help him.  We've been 
		lost.

				 VALOR
		Where did you come from?

	The little robot runs around his fallen partner giving him 
	small electric charges from his claw hand.  C-3 shudders 
	from head to toe, then regains consciousness.

				 C-3
		What happened?

				 A-2
		You're overheated.

				 VALOR
		Where did you come from?

				 A-2
		We were jettisoned from six twenty-
		nine P.R. one.

				 VALOR
		I'm unfamiliar with that ship. 
		What type is it?

				 C-3
		It's a class M station, not a 
		conventional craft.

	C-3 then stands and shakes the young Dai's hand.

				 C-3
		I'm C-3, Human-Cyborg Relations.  
		Your kindness is greatly appreciated.

	Captain valor and the two robots walk back to the speeder.

55.  LANDSPEEDER - DESERT CANYON - TWONOWI

	Both A-2 and C-3 are stuffed into the tiny luggage com-
	partment.  It is late in the day when the speeder rumbles 
	to a stop in a small desert canyon surrounded by steep 
	cliffs and broken boulders.

				 JUSTIN
		We'll rest here.

				 C-3
		At last.  The transport is welcome 
		but my joints are frozen.

	Everyone climbs out of the low-slung speeder.  Valor
	watches the two androids as they stretch their mechanical 
	limbs.

				 A-2
		I've got a bad case of dust contami-
		nation.  I can barely move.

				 C-3
		What a foresaken place this is.  We 
		seem to be made to suffer.  It's 
		our lot in life.  Sir, could you 
		tell...?

	C-3 turns and notices that Valor and the princess have 
	disappeared.  He looks all around.

				 C-3
		Where did they go?  They've dis-
		appeared.

				 A-2
		Maybe they were attacked. 
		I sense danger!

56.  HIDDEN FORTRESS ENTRANCE - DESERT CANYON - TOWNOWI

	Captain Valor and Princess Zara hurry through a maze of 
	large boulders  until they reach a sheer rock face.  Valor 
	looks around to see if they were followed.  Suddenly  a 
	large section of the rock slides away  revealing a well-
	lit corridor carved out of the rock.  They enter  and are 
	greeted by two jubilant guards.  Valor gives them some 
	orders and points in the direction of the speeder.  The 
	secret rock door silently slides closed.

57.  MAIN HALLWAY - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Captain Valor and the princess are greeted by General 
	Skywalker and Montross.  They bow before the princess.

				 PRINCESS (angrily pointing at Valor)
		General, I want you to do something 
		with this...this barbarian.  Where's 
		my father?

				 GENERAL
		The King is dead, Your Highness.

	All anger suddenly drains from the princess. She almost
	timidly asks the next question.

				 PRINCESS
		My mother?... and brothers?

				 GENERAL
		She's here.  She's safe, so are your 
		brothers.  They're in the main chamber.

	Zara, now looking more like a frightened young girl than 
	a vindictive princess, runs down the hallway toward the 
	main chamber.  She vainly attempts to hold back the tears.

58.  DESERT CANYON - TOWNOWI

	The two puzzled androids sit on the landspeeder, pondering 
	the disappearance of their saviour.

				 C-3
		Do you suppose we're in danger?

				 A-2
		The logic of this environment 
		escapes me.

	As night begins to fall, and the shadows begin to lengthen, 
	the two robots begin to get a little edgy.  The sound of 
	approaching feet startles A-2, and he ducks behind his 
	taller friend.  Two guards approach the robots.

				 GUARD
		You will remain calm, and you will 
		remain here.

				 C-3
		Certainly. I'm C-3, Human Cyborg 
		Relations.  Your kindness is greatly 
		appreciated.

	A-2 sits rather suspiciously behind his extroverted friend.

59.  ROYAL CHAMBER - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	General Skywalker bows low before Princess Zara.  She sits 
	on a raised platform, dressed in the royal robes of a 
	planetary ruler.  The Queen sits off to one side on a
	smaller platform.  The princess waits for a few moments 
	before she allows the general to rise.

				 QUEEN
		The senate has been corrupted.

				 SKYWALKER
		They cannot rule without your 
		wish.

				 QUEEN
		I rule by marriage.  With the King 
		dead, I am not strong enough to stop 
		them.  Zara is now the true Queen. 
		She must be protected.  The line must 
		be preserved.  I am placing the 
		future of our people in your hands. 
		You must deliver Zara and her 
		brothers to the OPHUCHI System. 
		They will be safe there.  General, 
		you must understand.  I had no 
		alternative but to condone an end 
		to the hostilities.  I deeply 
		believe your campaign could have 
		been successful, but there are 
		things that...

				 SKYWALKER
		I understand, Your Highness.

				 QUEEN
		The chrome companies on Ophuchi have 
		offered to supply you with the men 
		and ships necessary to return Zara 
		to the throne.

				 SKYWALKER
		Can the chrome companies be trusted?

				 QUEEN
		The price for their cooperation is 
		high.  It is waiting for you in 
		Med Center blue.  Guard it as you 
		would the princess herself.  No-one 
		must know of this mission.  There 
		are those among the trusted who 
		would wish us ill.  Take only two 
		of your best officers with you, the 
		most loyal.  May the force of others 
		be with you.

				 ZARA
		Mother, you must not stay.

				 QUEEN
		I am too old for such a journey.  The 
		kingdom already controls the space-
		port cities.  You have a long way to 
		travel.  It won't be easy.

				 SKYWALKER
		We will have to travel in disguise. 
		I must have full command.  No-one 
		can suspect wealth or royal training. 
		I fear the new Queen will not stand 
		for this.

				 ZARA
		Do not put words into my mouth. 
		I will stand for what is necessary.

	The general simply smiles.

60.  SUB-HALLWAY - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The general walks briskly through an isolated hallway,
	closely followed by Montross.

				 SKYWALKER
		How is Captain OxusÕ recovery?

				 MONTROSS
		Very good;  he's up and around.

				 SKYWALKER
		Fine!  Have Oxus and...ah, Captain 
		Valor report at zero three hundred. 
		I want two converted transports,  
		agricultural type, and two days' 
		provisions, travel papers, weapons. 
		Contact Han Solo at the Gordon 
		spaceport.  I'll talk to him...with 
		speed!

	Montross turns and rushes down another hallway.

61.  MEDICAL CENTER BLUE - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The general enters a stark white waiting area filled 
	with scholarly looking gentlemen.  An attendant greets 
	General Skywalker and takes him into a small observation 
	chamber overlooking a large operating theatre. An 
	elderly doctor greets him.

				 DOCTOR
		Good to see you, General.  I'm afraid 
		we're not quite ready yet.  Thank God 
		you'll be the one taking them, though.

	An attendant brings in one of the scholars from the waiting 
	area and places him on a large operating table surrounded 
	by strange looking equipment.  An ominous looking clamp is 
	placed on the man's head.

				 SKYWALKER
		How many are going?

				 DOCTOR
		Thirty-three of the greatest scientific 
		minds in our system...A high price for 
		freedom.

				 SKYWALKER
		Thirty-three scientists!  Transporting 
		a group that size, undetected... I don't...

				 DOCTOR
		Don't worry, General.  All you'll be 
		taking are their minds.

	The doctor moves over to a safe-like cabinet guarded by 
	two attendants.  The doctor gingerly picks up a small 
	clear vial filled with gray fluid.  It has a label which
	reads:  Faubun, Astro-dynamics.  In the background , the 
	scholar on the operating table is undergoing a form of
	mechanized brain surgery.

				 SKYWALKER
		"Bloodory's distillation?"

				 DOCTOR
		Yes.  It has been greatly perfected. 
		The brain is condensed into five 
		ounces of fluid.  Cloning cell samples 
		are included so that a structural 
		duplicate of the scientist can be 
		reproduced.  When the  duplicate child 
		reaches the age of six, he or she 
		begins a series of injections of the 
		brain fluid.  By the age of ten years, 
		they have received all the knowledge 
		and memory of an experienced scientist:  
		an old mind in a young body.  We have 
		prepared a special shock belt to carry 
		the vials.

	In the background, the limp body of the scholar on the
	operating table is removed, and another scientist is 
	escorted into the operating threatre.  Dr. Bloodory, a 
	portly doctor in his forties, enters the room and shakes 
	hands with the general.

				 DOCTOR
		General, this is Dr. Bloodory. 
		He'll be making the trip with 
		you.

				 BLOODORY
		It's an honor to meet you, General. 
		I'm sure I couldn't be in safer 
		hands.
					
				 SKYWALKER
		The chrome companies are exacting 
		a high price indeed!  Politics will 
		be the ruin of us all.

				 BLOODORY
		Careful.  If we could rid ourselves 
		of the politicians, generals would 
		no longer be necessary.

				 DOCTOR
		We should be ready by zero three 
		hundred.

	The doctors exit, leaving the general alone to watch the 
	huge machine extract another brain.

62.  SPACEPORT - OBSERVATION DECK - TOWNOWI

	Governor Horus, General Vader walk down a boarding ramp to 
	an observation deck overlooking the conquered city of 
	Gordon.  They are followed by a number of aides and officers 
	from the royal fleet.  Below them, air tanks and other 
	military equipment and supplies are being unloaded.

				 VADER
		Not much of a planet.

				 HORUS
		Darth, you've done well.  Do you 
		think you will have the Royal 
		Family by nightfall?

				 VADER
		An advance expedition is already 
		on its way to their underground 
		hideaway.  They should reach it 
		by nightfall, but only if this 
		Count Sandage can be trusted.

				 HORUS
		A man hungry for power can always 
		be trusted... to betray those in 
		power.  I'm sure his information 
		is correct.

63.  HIDDEN FORTRESS CANYON -TOWNOWI

	The huge rock face of the canyon opens, and two shabby
	agricultural landspeeders are pushed into the late after-
	noon sun.  A-2 and C-3 stand on the far side of the canyon 
	with their guards  watching in amazement.  The general and 
	Captain Valor walk behind the men pushing the landspeeder.

				 SKYWALKER
		We'll take them with us.  They 
		know more about that fortress 
		than any ten men.  They will be 
		very useful.

				 JUSTIN
		Can they be trusted?

				 SKYWALKER
		Loyalty can't be programmed. 
		They can be trusted never to 
		harm a living creature, and to 
		always give accurate information
		as they know it, to anyone who 
		asks.  You just have to remember 
		not to tell them anything that 
		you don't want to fall into the 
		wrong hands.

	The general approaches the two robots. A-2 shyly moves
	around his taller companion.

				 SKYWALKER
		Greetings.  I'm Luke:  Agricultural 
		Engineering.  We're going to be 
		travelling together.  You're going 
		with us to help set up a hortastation 
		on KANDALAR.

	C-3 shakes hands with the general.

				 C-3
		I'm C-3:  Human Cyborg Relations.  
		Your kindness is greatly appreciated.

	C-3 and the general both look down at A-2.  C-3 gives the 
	smaller android a little kick.

				 A-2
		A-2:  Fusion Repair.

				 SKYWALKER
		Load them into one of the speeders.

	Captain Oxus, walking with a slight limp, emerges from the 
	underground fortress with the Royal Family.  A small group 
	of guards and aides are lined up, standing at attention. 
	The two young princes, Oeta and Puck, hug and kiss their 
	mother good-bye, then jump into the back of the larger 
	four-man speeder.  The princess bows before her mother, 
	then embraces her.  Tears roll down her cheeks.  Her 
	mother wipes them away.

				 QUEEN
		You must learn strength.

	The princess turns and moves to the larger speeder where 
	she is helped aboard by Captain Valor.

				 PRINCESS (fuming)
		I don't need your help, thank you.

	She gives the general an angry look.

				 SKYWALKER
		I'm afraid he's necessary.

	A commotion erupts at the mouth of the underground fortress. 
	Count Sandage, several senators and ten to twelve troopers 
	rush into the canyon and block the speeders.

				 SANDAGE
		Where are you going?  What is 
		this?

	In one quick movement the general moves between Sandage and 
	the Queen.  Oxus and Valor assume defensive positions in 
	front of the princess and her brothers.

				 QUEEN
		Zara and the boys are being taken to 
		safety.  It is my wish.

				 SANDAGE
		The King has assured their safety.  
		They must stay.

				 QUEEN
		It is not my wish....

				 SANDAGE
		General, you've gone too far this 
		time.  (to the troops)  Arrest him.

	Five troops start to move on the general, as Sandage draws 
	his lazerpistol.  Before anyone can complete his action, the 
	general ignites his lazersword and cuts the senator in two. 
	He drops to the ground in a heap, and the approaching troops 
	stop in their tracks.

				 QUEEN
		Stop this!

	The general, Valor, and Oxus replace their swords, and bow 
	low to the Queen.  All of the troops, senators, and aides 
	do the same.  The formalness of the occasion is broken when 
	the Queen embraces the general.  She then turns and embraces 
	each of the captains.  They are both flustered, and somewhat 
	embarrassed.

				 QUEEN
		May the force of others be with you.

	The general and his captains head for the speeders, while 
	the Queen and all the others return to the underground 
	fortress.

64.  DESERT BLUFF - TOWNOWI

	The two speeders edge their way onto a bluff overlooking the 
	hidden fortress canyon.  They stop for one last reflective 
	moment.  Forced to leave their closest friends and relatives, 
	the group is deeply moved.  The two robots, for the most 
	part, are puzzled.  Suddenly, there is a huge atomic flash, 
	followed by a loud rumble, and the entire canyon collapses 
	into a large crater.  The group quietly watches the dust 
	settle.  The hidden fortress and all its inhabitants have 
	been destroyed.  The general watches the princess, who 
	appears to take it well.

				 SKYWALKER
		It was the only way we could be 
		safe from treachery.

65.  DUNE SEA - TOWNOWI

	The two sleek landspeeders glide effortlessly through the 
	vast hills and valleys of the dune sea.  At the base of the 
	towering ridge, the four-man speeder stops.   The smaller 
	speeders, with Valor and the two robots, makes its way to the 
	top of the ridge.  Captain Valor stops the speeder just short 
	of the top of the ridge.  He gets out and continues the rest 
	of the way on foot.  The young captain peeks over the ridge 
	into the canyon below.  Muted sounds and large dust clouds 
	rise from the canyon floor.  Valor immediately ducks back 
	behind the ridge with an amazed look on his face.  He 
	quickly returns to the speeder  and picks up the intercom.

				 JUSTIN
		Sir, you'd better take a look at 
		this.  But come easy.

	The four-man speeder starts with a crack  and slowly moves 
	up the side of the imposing dune.  It stops next to the 
	smaller speeder.  The general and Oxus get out and make 
	their way to the top of the ridge where they join Valor. 
	Far in the distance, crossing the endless dune sea, is the 
	royal invasion army.  It is immense.  A convoy of giant 
	tanks, troop carriers, and supply ships stretch from 
	horizon to horizon.  Cavalry, mounted on giant dunebirds 
	ride the line from one end of the convoy to the other. 
	Hundreds of troops ride one-man jetsticks in precision 
	formation.  Their lances form a giant pin-cushion. It is 
	an awesome sight.

				 SKYWALKER
		They're coming from the spaceport at 
		Anchorhead, which means they control 
		everything between here and the space-
		port at Gordon.

				 JUSTIN
		Can we go around them?

				 SKYWALKER
		No.  We'll have to wait for them to 
		pass.  Captain Valor, see if you can 
		monitor any of their communications 
		on the com-link in the big speeder.

	Valor returns to the speeder.  He collapses in the large 
	speeder next to the princess  and flips on the com-link 
	radio, moving back and forth across the dial.

				 PRINCESS
		Must you do that?

	Valor smiles rather sarcastically.

				 JUSTIN
		Orders... The invasion force has cut 
		us off.  We'll probably be here for 
		some time.  You ought to stretch a 
		bit.

				 PRINCESS
		Is that a command, General?  Maybe I 
		feel like watching after my brothers.

	Valor looks back at the two sleeping boys.

				 JUSTIN
		They're not going anywhere.  They're 
		asleep.

				 PRINCESS
		I want to stay with them.

66.  LIBRARY - PALACE OF LITE - TOWNOWI

	The King's old library has been converted into an office 
	for General Vader.  He is sitting behind his desk as 
	Captain Dodona of the Lettow legions enters and salutes. 
	The legionnaire is dressed in the fascist black and chrome 
	uniform of the legendary Lettow One Hundred.  The general 
	returns his salute.

				 VADER
		Welcome, Captain Dodona.  Your 
		exploits are legendary.  I have 
		long waited to meet you.  If there 
		is any way I can assist you, my 
		entire command is at your bidding.

				 DODONA
		I want a tie-in to your computer 
		network, a control center, and 
		communication access.

				 VADER
		Right away!  I'll also transfer 
		all information we have on the general. 
		His command post was destroyed, but we 
		believe he is still alive.  Do you 
		really believe he's a Dai?

				 DODONA
		If he was not a Dai  I wouldn't be 
		here.

67.  WASTELAND - TOWNOWI

	The speeders make their way across the gray desert.  It is 
	dawn.  The twin suns have yet to rise in the green sky.  The 
	speeders are coated with dust and grime, indicating that 
	they have travelled far.  The two captains drive through the 
	night as everyone else sleeps.  Valor calls Oxus on the 
	intercom.

				 JUSTIN
		How are your fuel packs?  I'm reading 
		minus four.

				 OXUS
		I'm too low to transfer any.

	The general, who appeared to be asleep, opens his eyes, and 
	takes the microphone from Oxus.

				 SKYWALKER
		There is a fuel station fourteen 
		degrees by two meters.  The occu-
		pation force should have control 
		of it by now, so hide your weapons,
		but keep them within reach.

68.  FUEL STATION - TOWNOWI

	A series of low concrete structures rise out of the desert. 
	The speeders stop in front of an old weather-beaten block 
	house.  The rusted hulk of a landspeeder lies half-buried 
	to one side of the building.  Valor and Oxus jump out of the 
	speeder and go into the block house.

69.  INTERIOR - FUEL STATION - TOWNOWI

	The two young captains, dressed as farmers, enter the dingy 
	little fuel station.  It is quiet.  A few power packs line 
	the walls and a dismantled speeder rests in the repair bay. 
	There is a sharp dripping sound coming from the speeder.  It 
	appears that no-one is there.

				 JUSTIN
		Greetings!  Who's in charge here?

	They look around the deserted station, but find no attendant. 
	An eerie quiet pervades the building.

				 OXUS
		I don't get it.

				 JUSTIN
		You don't have to.  It's abandoned.

	Oxus opens a door leading to a storage area, and stops 
	short.

				 OXUS
		Not quite abandoned.

	Valor moves to the doorway and sees the attendant, his wife, 
	and small daughter hanging upside down, tortured to death. 
	Oxus cuts them down.

				 OXUS
		They shouldn't have resisted.

	Valor grabs two power packs from the shelf.

				 JUSTIN
		Help me with these power packs. 
		We'd better move out of here.

	Oxus covers the family with an old work tarp.  He bows to 
	the dead, then reluctantly grabs a couple of power packs 
	and they start for the door.  Oxus stops for a moment.

				 OXUS
		Hear that?  Someone's here.  (yelling)  
		We're friends.  Show yourself.
		
	Silence.  Oxus shrugs his shoulders and they start out the 
	door, only to run straight into a burly stormtrooper.

				 STORMTROOPER
		Get out of here!

70.  FUEL STATION - TOWNOWI

	Oxus and Valor are pulled out of the doorway and shoved into 
	the center of a group of fifteen or twenty royal storm-
	troopers who have surrounded the two speeders.  Several 
	troops have pulled General Skywalker out of the speeder. He 
	acts senile, like a man twice his age.

				 SKYWALKER
		I'm all right.  I can still move 
		about by myself.

	A rough looking sergeant grabs Captain Oxus.

				 SERGEANT
		What are you doing here?
			
				 OXUS
		We're out of power, sir.

				 SERGEANT
		Let me see your passes!

				 OXUS
		I have it here, somewhere.  We've 
		been relocated to a hortastation, 
		by royal order...

	Oxus fumbles to retrieve something from his pocket, and 
	eventually pulls out a small  round disc.  The sergeant 
	puts the disc in a small portable reader.  Various computer 
	readouts are displayed on the monitor.  Valor starts to put 
	a power pack into one of the speeders.

				 SERGEANT
		What are you doing there?  All 
		power has been restricted.

				 SKYWALKER
		We've run out.  We must have power, 
		or be forced to stay here  and 
		become your responsibilities.

	The sergeant thinks about this for a moment  as the old 
	wise general watches him.  Tension fills the air.  Valor 
	shuffles around to a position where he can reach his weapon. 
	A trooper hands the sergeant a message.

				 SERGEANT (to Oxus)
		Take only two of those power packs 
		and then move out quickly.

	The sergeant hurries to a military craft, where he takes a 
	call on an intercom.  General Skywalker and his two young 
	captains load the remaining power packs into the speeder 
	and roar away from the station.

71.  WASTELAND - TOWNOWI

	The speeders race along through the rocky desert wasteland. 
	The general speaks into the intercom to Valor

				 SKYWALKER
		Keep a close watch.  If that sergeant 
		runs an analysis on those passes  we 
		might be seeing him again.  We should 
		be safely inside Gordon within the day.

	Everyone is in good spirits.  The princess and her young
	brothers sing a Townowi melody, which is transmitted to Valor 
	in the smaller speeder.  The general takes little Puck,  and 
	lets him sit on his lap in the forward compartment of the 
	speeder.  A-2 flexes C-3's arm back and forth  attempting 
	to discover the cause of a loud squeak.

				 A-2
		Oilar doesn't seem to help at all.

				 C-3
		It's all this filth and dust.  This 
		environment is murderous.

	Valor notices a small speck on the horizon.

				 JUSTIN (into intercom)
		Object approaching, bearing three 
		point two.

	The general looks through an electrotelescope mounted in the 
	speeder.  He spots a distant row of troopers riding strange 
	dune birds.

				 SKYWALKER (to Justin)
		It's a patrol.  It could mean trouble. 
		We'd better split up.  You stay on a 
		direct course.  We'll meet you at the 
		western edge of ravine 23-64.  Stay in 
		contact.

	The larger speeder makes a sharp left turn, speeding off
	across a deep ravine.  Valor can begin to distinguish the 
	approaching troopers.

				 JUSTIN
		It looks like there are ten of them. 
		They're heading right for me.  Wait 
		a second.  They've disappeared.  I've 
		lost them.

				 SKYWALKER
		Continue on ahead.

72.  WASTELAND LAKEBED - TOWNOWI

	Oxus deftly maneuvers the bulky speeder through a narrow 
	boulder-strewn ravine.  They eventually come out on a dry 
	lake bed, where they stop.  Standing not more than a hundred 
	feet away, apparantly waiting for the speeder, are five 
	royal troops on their dune birds.

				 SKYWALKER
		We've found them, five of them, 
		anyway.  Watch yourself.

	The troops slowly ride their huge birds over to the speeder 
	and dismount.  The officer in charge is a vicious looking 
	warrior  with a large scar across his face.

				 OFFICER
		Let me see your passes.

	Oxus hands him the small pass disc, and he places it in his 
	reader.  He studies the computer readout for a few moments 
	and then returns the disc to Oxus.

				 OFFICER
		Have you seen any other transports 
		in this area?

				 SKYWALKER
		We saw two heading south.  Going 
		towards Ansel, looked like to me.

				 OFFICER
		All right.  Be on your way.

	The officer mounts his dune bird, and the patrol moves away. 
	Oxus winks at the princess  and smiles at the general, as 
	the speeder starts off across the dry lake.  The general 
	fiddles with the intercom.

				 SKYWALKER
		Captain Valor, are you clear?

				 JUSTIN
		I have five troopers approaching. 
		Any problem your end?

				 SKYWALKER
		We came through all right.  You 
		shouldn't have any trouble, but stay 
		alert.

				 JUSTIN
		Best wishes!  Here they come.

	Everyone rides along in silence, a little worried about
	Captain Valor, especially the princess.

				 PRINCESS
		Do you think he'll be all right?

				 SKYWALKER
		He can take care of himself.

	Oeta is looking out the back window of the speeder.

				 OETA
		Hey look!  They're coming back.

	Everyone looks to see the patrol quickly gaining on them.

				 SKYWALKER
		Stop!  They're faster.  Get 
		your weapon.

	The speeder screeches to a halt in a cloud of dust.  The
	general and his captain jump from the transport with lazer-
	pistols drawn.  The patrol bears down on them, swords drawn, 
	at full charge.  Both the general and Oxus fire.  Two of the 
	troopers and their dunebirds explode in a cloud of smoke. 
	The remaining three troopers are upon the duo in a matter 
	of seconds.  The general ignites his lazersword and cuts down 
	two of the troops as they pass.  The last turns his bird 
	around before reaching the speeder, and hightails it back 
	towards the ravine.  The general jumps onto one of the 
	riderless dunebirds and takes off in pursuit.  Oxus checks 
	the dead troopers.

73.  WASTELAND RAVINE - TOWNOWI

	The general rides at breakneck speed after the fleeing
	trooper.  His lazersword is raised high over his head, ready 
	to deal a deathblow.  The lumbering birds race through the 
	winding ravine.

74.  WASTELAND RAVINE - TOWNOWI

	The intercom warning buzzer begins to scream.  Oxus rushes 
	for it  but the princess gets there first.
					 
				 PRINCESS
		Are you all right?

				 JUSTIN
		Two riders heading your way.  I 
		got three, but two got away. 
		Watch yourselves!

75.  WASTELAND RAVINE - TOWNOWI

	The general is riding neck and neck with the trooper.  He
	swiftly brings his sword down and the trooper drops from 
	his saddle.  The momentum of his charge carries the general 
	around a bend in the ravine  and right inTO the path of two 
	more troops charging down on him.  The two troopers are 
	taken by surprise.  They stop their birds  and so does the 
	general.  They stand there, about fifty yards apart, sizing 
	up each other.  Suddenly, the two troopers start for the Dai 
	warrior at full speed.  The general raises his sword  and 
	starts for them.  The troopers are no match for the general 
	who kills them both before they are even able to swing their 
	swords.

76.  WASTELAND LAKEBED - TOWNOWI

	Valor stops near the larger landspeeder and gets out.  He 
	is wounded.  Blood streams from his left arm.  Oxus rushes 
	to help him.  The princess shows a great deal ofconcern.

				 OXUS
		It looks worse than it is.  You'll 
		be all right.

	Oxus motions to the princess, who looks a little relieved.

				 OXUS
		Bring me the med aid pack.

				 PRINCESS
		It he was clumsy enough to get hurt, 
		maybe we ought to let him bleed to 
		death.

	She hands Oxus the kit, as the general rides up and dis-
	mounts.  He moves to Valor.

				 SKYWALKER
		You missed two.

				 JUSTIN
		I know. I couldn't...

				 SKYWALKER
		Don't let it happen again. 
		We'd better move out.  They might 
		have reported in.

77.  CONTROL ROOM - PALACE OF LITE - TOWNOWI

	The dark and sinister Dodona moves several markers on a
	large map readout to form a line from the destroyed under-
	ground fortress to the spaceport at Gordon.  An aide enters 
	with General Vader.

				 AIDE
		The patrol was lost, sir.  All 
		ten of them.

				 DODONA
		It's to be expected.

				 VADER
		Have you found them?

				 DODONA
		They're heading for the spaceport 
		at Gordon.  I'm going there.  Have 
		all security doubled.  Make it an 
		alert.

78.  THE OUTSKIRTS OF GORDON - TOWNOWI

	The speeders stop on a bluff overlooking a small cantina on 
	the outskirts of Gordon.  The spaceport can be seen in the 
	distance.  The general and Captain Oxus walk over to the 
	smaller speeder.  Valor helps the two androids out of their 
	cramped quarters.

				 C-3
		Your kindness is greatly appreciated.

				 JUSTIN (to Skywalker)
		I'm fit enough to...

	The general gives him a hard look and he shuts up.  Oxus 
	and the general climb into the speeder.

				 SKYWALKER
		We'll make contact at zero four 
		hundred.  If we're not back by 
		fifty-five forty, get worried.

	The speeder starts off toward the cantina.

79.  SPACEPORT CANTINA - TOWNOWI

	The speeder pulls up in front of the low  blockhouse style 
	cantina.  Various strange forms of transport are parked out-
	side the bar.

				 SKYWALKER
		Take care here.  If there is any 
		trouble, get back to the others.

	The general and Oxus enter the shabby cantina.  The murky 
	little den is filled with a startling array of weird and 
	exotic alien creatures, laughing at the bar.  At first, the 
	sight is horrifying.  One-eyed, thousand-eyed, slimy, furry, 
	scaly armed creatures with tentacles and claws huddle over 
	drinks.  The general looks over the patrons, but does not 
	see the contact, Han Solo. A large multiple-eyed creature 
	shoves the general.

				 CREATURE
		Assha dughi wouldugga?

	The general tries to ignore the creature  and turns back to 
	his drink.  A short  grubby looking human  and an even 
	smaller  rodent-like creature join the first creature.

				 HUMAN
		He doesn't like you.

				 SKYWALKER
		I understood him.

				 HUMAN
		I don't like you either.

				 SKYWALKER
		I'm sorry.

	The big creature is getting agitated  and yells at the
	general.

				 HUMAN
		Don't insult us.  You just watch 
		yourself.  We're wanted men.  I 
		have the death sentence on twelve 
		systems.

				 SKYWALKER
		I'll be careful then.

				 HUMAN
		You'll be dead.

	The short rodent yells something  and everything at the bar 
	moves away.  The general assumes a defensive position.  His 
	three adversaries ready their weapons.

				 SKYWALKER
		You insist on a fight then?

				 HUMAN
		Just try and kill us.

				 SKYWALKER
		It will hurt a little.

				 HUMAN
		We aren't cowards.

				 SKYWALKER
		Then it can't be helped.

	The general's lazersword sparks to life.  An arm lies on the 
	floor.  The rodent is cut in two  and the large  multiple-
	eyed creature lies doubled, cut from chin to groin.  The 
	general  with quiet dignity  replaces his sword in its sheath. 
	The entire fight has lasted only a matter of seconds.  A 
	figure stands in the doorway watching the general.  As soon 
	as the general notices him, he leaves.  The cantina goes back 
	to normal, as if nothing had happened, although the general 
	is given a respectable amount of room at the bar.  The Dai 
	finishes his drink  and then leaves.  Captain Oxus follows.

80.  SPACEPORT ALLEYWAY - GORDON - TOWNOWI

	General Skywalker embraces Han Solo, the underground contact. 
	Han is a huge  green skinned monster with no nose and large 
	gills.

				 HAN
		You old stardog.  Took a war to get 
		you out here...

	Oxus arrives with Captain Valor, the princess, and her
	brothers, and the two puzzled androids.

				 SKYWALKER
		It's been too long.  We've been through 
		much together.  It will be good to have 
		you out of retirement and back at my 
		side.  How is General Valor?  (putting 
		his arm around the young Captain Valor)  
		This is his son.

				 HAN
		You're all the old boy will talk about. 
		He's still holding up.  Come, let's get 
		off the street.

	The group enters a small doorway at the far end of the alley-
	way.  On the main street, within view of the doorway, giant 
	royal airtanks and other military hardware rumble through 
	the city.  Starving refugees sit in the gutter watching the 
	immense display of force with a mixture of awe and terror. 
	The princess stops for a moment  and stares at her people, 
	watching the might of the kingdom.  The general escorts her 
	through the doorway with the others.

81.  SLUM DWELLING - LIVING AREA - TOWNOWI

	The seedy dwelling is dark and dingy.  The group is greeted 
	by three underground leaders, and the old Dai, Akira Valor. 
	Justin embraces his father as the underground leaders bow 
	before the princess.

82.  SLUM DWELLING - DINING AREA - TOWNOWI

	The princess walks through the dining area, followed by Oxus 
	and Valor, who carry the two sleeping princes.  The general 
	sits at a large table  finishing dinner with Han, Akira, 
	and the three underground leaders.  Oxus returns from the 
	bedroom.

				 SKYWALKER (to Oxus)
		Captain, why don't you take the 
		androids into the other room for 
		a game of chess?  I'm sure they'd 
		enjoy it.

				 C-3
		A wonderful idea.  Your kindness 
		is greatly appreciated.

	Oxus escorts the two robots into the next room.  DATOS, a 
	thin  wizened old man, seems greatly relieved.

				 DATOS
		You're taking a great risk travelling 
		with them.  This whole operation 
		sounds bad to me.  I don't trust the 
		chrome companies.  Time is growing 
		short.  The King's attempts at control 
		have already caused a great deal of 
		suffering to our people.

	OCCO, a brash young rebel  about the same age as Captain
	Valor  slams his fist on the table.

				 OCCO
		It must happen now!  We are ready. 
		Each day the royal S.B.T. finds and 
		destroys a few more in the organiza-
		tion.  We cannot wait any longer.

				 SKYWALKER
		Any uprising without a coordinated 
		attack on the death star is out of 
		the question.

				 HAN
		He's right.  As long as it's 
		operational, any action down here 
		would be meaningless.  We must 
		proceed as planned.  Are the 
		arrangements secure?

	QUIST, the third member of the underground, sparks to life 
	and places several discs and badges on the table.

				 QUIST
		All passenger transport has been 
		suspended, so we've arranged for 
		you to travel as the crew of a 
		Baltarian freighter.  The boys 
		will have to be placed in suspended 
		animation and hidden in shielded 
		micropacks.  It's the only way we 
		will be able to get them past the 
		scanners.

				 DATOS
		Were you able to aquire the necessary 
		power packs?

				 QUIST
		It's become a serious problem.  All 
		power supplies have been restricted. 
		S-4 units are impossible to come by.

				 HAN
		I know an agent who might be able to 
		acquire them for us.  I'll check with 
		him.  It will be risky, but we've no 
		other choice.

83.  SPACEPORT OBSERVATION DECK - TOWNOWI

	The dark figure of Dodona stands overlooking a group of
	Townowi partisans who are being tortured in the plaza below. 
	Two royal officers are finishing a report to the evil legion-
	naire.  They salute smartly, then leave the observation 
	balcony  passing KURO, one of General Vader's aides, who 
	approaches Dodona  and bows low before him.  Kuro and the 
	legionnaire carry on an animated conversation;  it is 
	inaudible over the screams of the tortured partisans.

84.  SLUM DWELLING - ALLEYWAY - TOWNOWI

	Residents glance fearfully from their windows as six royal 
	stormtroopers make their way through the crowded slum alley-
	way.  Han Solo and Captain Valor move cautiously past the 
	royal patrol  and disappear into the shabby hideout of the 
	partisan underground.

85.  SLUM DWELLING - MAIN AREA - TOWNOWI

	The two men enter the dingy main room of the slum dwelling 
	and are immediately attacked by Oeta, wielding a toy sword. 
	Valor good-naturedly fends off the young prince  as Han, in 
	a more serious mood, goes into the other room.  A-2 and C-3 
	are helping Puck put together a block-like puzzle.  Princess 
	Zara comes in to see what all the commotion is about, just 
	as the young captain grabs Oeta by the foot and holds him 
	upside-down.   Valor and Oeta are laughing uproariously. 
	Zara gives the captain a stern  disapproving look, then 
	returns to the other room.

86.  SLUM DWELLING - DINING AREA - TOWNOWI

	General Skywalker, Captain Oxus, and Datos are in the process 
	of assembling two micropacks on the kitchen table.  Han pulls 
	a small silver powerpack from his pocket, and places it on 
	the table.  The old Dai, Akira Valor, reaches over with his 
	one good arm  and takes it.  He inspects it carefully. 
	Princess Zara sits quietly behind the general.

				 HAN
		We could only get one unit.  Their 
		methods are proving to be very 
		effective.

	Akira places the powerpack back on the table.  The pain from 
	those simple movements shows on his face.

				 AKIRA
		This will work fine.

				 HAN
		One of the boys will have to stay.
		
				 DATOS
		We can't hide him for very long.
		The risk is too great.  Which-
		ever boy doesn't go must be des-
		troyed.

	The princess is alarmed, and looks to the general for support. 
	He gives her an understanding look.

				 SKYWALKER
		Not while they're in my charge. 
		Find another way to get him through.

				 DATOS
		There's no other way.  We've 
		analyzed every possible alter-
		native.  You can't jeopardize 
		the enitre...

	Captain Valor enters the room.

				 HAN
		We have no time for discussion. 
		The freighters leave at zero 
		three hundred.  We must get 
		started.

	Through a break in the door, Oxus watches A-2 and C-3 
	play with the two young princes.

				 OXUS
		What about A-2?  Could we loboto-
		mize him and use his energy pack?

				 SKYWALKER
		They're not compatible.  We'd 
		have to completely change the 
		system.

				 HAN
		It could work.

				 DATOS
		There isn't enough time.  You can't 
		do it.

				 AKIRA
		You won't have to.  My power unit 
		has more than half life.  Use it.

	The withered Dai opens his tunic  revealing a metallic chest 
	covered with electrodes.  With his one good arm  he grabs 
	his chest and rips loose a miniature power unit similar to 
	the one on the table.  Everyone is taken by surprise.  The 
	general and the young Valor both rush to the side of the 
	dying Dai.  The old man turns to his son.

				 AKIRA
		Trust my judgment, Son.  Serve your 
		new teacher well.

	The Dai's breathing becomes more difficult as he turns to 
	the general.

				 AKIRA (Cont.)
		An honorable death, my friend. 
		May the force of others be with 
		you.

	Akira Valor passes on to the other world.  Everyone is 
	stunned.  The general breaks the moment of silence.

				 SKYWALKER
		May he be welcomed as a man above 
		men.  Take him downstairs.

	Justin takes his father in his arms and is followed out of 
	the room by Han and Datos.

				 SKYWALKER
		Prepare the boys!  We have little 
		time.

	Princess Zara and Captain Oxus rush out of the room, as the 
	general places the power units in the micropacks.

87.  SLUM DWELLING - MAIN AREA - TOWNOWI

	Oeta and Puck are not happy about being dragged away from 
	their puzzle.  Oxus takes the robots into the sleep area.

				 ZARA
		Now straighten up, Oeta.  Remember, 
		father expects you to follow his ways. 
		We are going on a trip.  There will be 
		great danger.  You must go to sleep. 
		When you wake, you will be in a strange 
		land, so don't be alarmed.

				 OETA
		Are you going to sleep too?

				 ZARA
		I will be looking after you.  Now 
		be good boys and stand still.  Lift 
		your sleeve.

	Puck lifts his sleeze and Zara injects him with a sleep
	serum.  Oxus enters just as the little prince collapses 
	into a deep sleep.  Quick as lightening, he catches the 
	boy before he can hit the floor.  The princess injects 
	her other brother  and he collapses into her arms.

88.  SLUM DWELLING - DINING AREA - TOWNOWI

	The limp bodies of the two young princes are carried in 
	by Zara and Captain Oxus.  They are carefully squeezed 
	into the hollowed out microcases.  Zara pensively watches 
	as the general expertly attaches electrodes to her 
	brother's skull.  Han and Datos return from the burial 
	of Akira.  The general looks up from his operation.

				 HAN
		He is at rest.  Are the systems 
		working all right?

				 SKYWALKER
		Full power.  Is everything ready?

	Datos nods yes, as the general closes the case holding Puck. 
	The strain of watching her brothers placed in suspended 
	animation is too great for Zara  and she retreats into the 
	main room.

89.  SLUM DWELLING - MAIN ROOM - TOWNOWI

	Captain Valor stands brooding near a window overlooking 
	the crowded alleyway.  He does not acknowledge Zara's 
	entrance.  She walks over to the window and stands next to 
	the young captain.  They are very close but do not touch.

				 ZARA
		I'm sorry.

	He does not respond.  She is moved by his sorrow  and 
	starts to touch the side of his face  but can't bring her-
	self to do it.  Her royal training is too strong to let her 
	show her true affection for Justin.  She breaks down and 
	runs from the room.  The young Dai continues his meditation.

90.  SPACEPORT AT GORDON - SECURITY RAMP - TOWNOWI

	The spaceport is very crowded.  People rush about in a
	panicked rush as loudspeakers blurt out indiscernible
	announcements.  The Royal Galactic Kingdom is in the process 
	of changing the boarding procedures and the result is chaos. 

	Many flights are delayed, and people are running to and 
	fro, switching boarding ramps.  Han guides the rebel group, 
	dressed as a Baltarian crew, through the crowded terminal. 
	Oxus and Valor carry the large micropacks strapped to their 
	backs.  The robots follow a few paces behind.

				 HAN
		They're changing the boarding 
		procedures.  I don't like it.

	They are swept into a boarding gate and finally reach a
	security ramp scan station.  There are a great number of
	troops and guards standing around the security area.  An
	officer demands to see their passes and orders.  The ten-
	sion builds as the officer confers with an aide about the 
	passes.  The aide speaks quietly into a phone.

				 OFFICER
		Where are your component receipts?

	Valor and Oxus hand the officer two additional discs, 
	which are placed in the computer.  A few moments later, 
	the readout appears  and the group is motioned through the 
	electron scanners.  On the other side of the scanner, new 
	computer discs are issued to the group.  The group seems 
	slightly relieved as they walk through several hallways 
	leading to where the freighter is docked.  Valor moves 
	next to  the general.

				 JUSTIN
		I don't like the feel of this.

				 SKYWALKER
		Your senses are strong.  It's a 
		very small disruption.

				 JUSTIN
		It's a Lettow legionnaire.

				 SKYWALKER
		Possibly.  Stay alert.  Warn 
		the others.

	The group walks through the docking links and into the
	Baltarian spacecraft.  Several royal guards pass them, 
	and everyone is ready for the suspected trap, but 
	nothing happens.

91.  INTERIOR - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - TOWNOWI

	The group stops in a narrow electronic  passageway near 
	the bridge of the ship.  Valor and Oxus unstrap the 
	micropacks containing the two young princes, and check 
	the voltage packs.

				 OXUS
		Little Oeta is losing power faster 
		than normal.  I'd better check it 
		out.
		
				 SKYWALKER
		Wait until the situation is secure. 
		Stay here, and keep on your guard.
		Han!

	The two young captains grow suspicious of several workmen 
	gathering around the main exit hatch.  Han and the general 
	enter the bridge area.  Several crewmen sit at elaborate 
	controls and computer stations.

				 SKYWALKER
		Where is your captain?

	One of the crewmen directs him to a small chamber above the 
	bridge.  Valor and Oxus strap on their micropacks as more 
	workmen converge at the main hatch and begin to close it. 
	The two robots, A-2 and C-3 are confused about what is 
	going on  and wear their gear in anticipation of moving.

92.  PILOT CHAMBER - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - TOWNOWI

	Han and the general enter the small pilot's chamber and 
	greet the captain, whose face is hidden in the shadows of 
	a computer bank.

				 CAPTAIN
		Welcome, gentlemen.  You must 
		have had a difficult journey. 
		We'll be departing shortly.

	Four 	armed troopers silently enter the room behind the two 
	old Dai;  their lazerswords are drawn.

				 CAPTAIN 
		I have been authorized to accept 
		payment for the chrome company 
		cooperation.  I assume you've 
		brought it with you.

	The captain moves out of the shadows  and is revealed to 
	be Dodona.  Instantly, both Han and the general understand 
	the situation.  They turn, drawing their lazerswords in 
	the move  and cut down the four royal troopers.  The door 
	to the chamber instantly seals shut.  Dodona hasn't made 
	any moves  and remains unusually calm.  The two Dai turn
	to face him.

				 DODONA
		ItÕs over, gentlemen.  The chamber 
		is sealed.  DonÕt force me to 
		release the Jai gas.

	A tone sounds, and Dodona turns to an intercom.

				 INTERCOM
		Situation secure.  Prisoners taken to 
		hold "B";  Twelve casualties... gas 
		was necessary.

	Han and the general relax and drop their weapons.  The 
	door silently opens behind them and six guards enter wearing 
	facemasks.  They bind the two Dai with chrome microcuffs.  A 
	satisfied smile creeps across Dodona's face.  General Sky-
	walker seems unimpressed with the trap.

				 DODONA
		At last, it's ended.  (to guard)  Take 
		them to hold "G."  I don't want them 
		with the others.  Prepare for departure.

	The troopers escort Han and the general out of the chamber 
	and down several hallways.

93.  INTERIOR - BALTARIAN FREIGHTERS - TOWNOWI

	Eight troops march Han and the general into the hold of the 
	ship.  They pass near the main exit  where A-2 and C-3 
	stand deserted, looking lost.  C-3 sees the general pass in
	a nearby hallway

				 C-3
		Well, there he is.  Come on.

	The robots waddle off after the Dai prisoners.  As the 
	small procession passes detention cell B where the princess 
	and the others are being held, Han and the general let out 
	a horrifying Dai scream and leap to the corridor ceiling, 
	thrusting their bound wrists into the lighting fixtures. 
	They land on top of the troops, instantly breaking the 
	necks of four guards, with expertly placed blows.  The 
	eight surviving guards are momentarily dumbfounded.  Han 
	and the general grab lazerswords from their victims  and 
	swiftly cut down the remaining troops.  Han grabs a small 
	card from one of the dead guards  and starts for detention 
	cell  B.

				 SKYWALKER
		Watch it!   Those are cutters.

	The general grabs one of the dead troopers and tosses him
	against the cell door.  Red rays engulf the body  and holds 
	it there.  Han then places the card in a slot  and the door 
	silently slides open.  Valor and Oxus leap for the dead 
	guard, then notice the death ray surrounding him.  General 
	Skywalker grabs another body and throws it into the doorway.

				 SKYWALKER
		Pass between them!

	Captain Valor squeezes between the slain guards  and is 
	untouched by the rays.  Oxus and the princess quickly follow, 
	picking up weapons as they leave.

				 JUSTIN
		They've taken the cases.

				 SKYWALKER
		Are they aware of the boys?

				 OXUS
		I don't think so.

				 SKYWALKER
		Find them.  Use your seeker. 
		We'll meet you at the main 
		hatch.  Watch yourselves.  If 
		an alarm is given, they'll gas 
		the entire ship.

				 OXUS
		Yes, Sir.

	Oxus and Valor each take a small humming device from their 
	utility belts and head down a narrow hallway.  The general, 
	Han, and the princess continue toward the main hatch.  A-2 
	and C-3 have been completely confused by the turn of events. 
	They eventually follow the general toward the exit hatch.

94.  ELECTROCLOSET HALLWAY - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - TOWNOWI

	The two young captains reach a storage area of the huge
	spacecraft.  They watch their seekers as they move along a 
	row of electroclosets.  They quietly sneak past a group of 
	workmen assembling a large gyrohousing.  A second row of 
	micropacks is searched to no avail.

				 OXUS
		If they were discovered, they would 
		have been sent to a medical station.

				 JUSTIN
		There are more storage areas on the 
		far side.

95.  MAIN HATCH AREA - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - TOWNOWI

	Han and the general reach the main hatch, closely followed 
	by Zara and the two robots.  Several lights over the hatch 
	flash on and off.  The general cuts a camera off the wall 
	with his lazersword.

				 HAN
		They're going to take off.  It's 
		too late.
		
				 SKYWALKER
		C-3,  come over here!

	The lanky chrome man approaches the general, who is studying 
	a complex computer control panel next to the hatch.

				 C-3
		Yes sir.  May I be of service?

				 SKYWALKER
		Get this hatch open.  Counterlock 
		the departure pattern.

	The robot immediately starts pushing buttons on the panel.

96.  ELECTROCLOSET HALLWAY - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - TOWNOWI

	Captain Valor and Oxus reach a second series of electro-
	closets.  A signal appears on the seekers  and Valor cuts 
	down the door of one of the small cabinets.  Oxus stands 
	guard.  Approaching troops are heard in the distance. 
	Valor quickly rummages through the electropacks until he 
	spots the familiar cases containing the two boys.

				 OXUS
		Troops!

	Valor straps on one of the backpacks  and hands the other 
	to Oxus, as they duck into a narrow passageway.  Four 
	troops march through a nearby hallway.  After they have 
	passed, the young captain checks to make sure the way is 
	clear, then runs down a hallway toward the main hatch.

97.  BRIDGE - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - TOWNOWI

	As the crew makes the final preparations for the blast off, 
	the main hatch light blinks on.  One of the pilots notices 
	the light and begins to check it out.

				 PILOT (into intercom)
		Is the main hatch secure?

98.  MAIN HATCH - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - TOWNOWI

	The intercom sparks to life, and the general answers it.

				 SKYWALKER
		Everything looks secure, but give 
		me a minute to check it out.

				 PILOT
		All right.  Stand by.

	The general winks to Han, as C-3 continues his attempt to 
	override the hatch computer.

99.  HALLWAYS - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - TOWNOWI

	Captain Valor and Oxus cautiously move down a long hallway, 
	ever watchful of royal troops.  They reach an intersection, 
	carefully check in all directions, then rush down a main 
	hallway.  They are about half-way down the hallway, when a 
	squad of royal guards appears at the end of the hallway 
	facing them.  The troops start toward the two captains, with 
	lowered lazerrifles.

				 VALOR
		Here's where it gets tricky.

	Valor, then Oxus, quickly and smoothly draw their lazer-
	pistols and fire at the troops.  A giant explosion destroys 
	the far end of the hallway.  A few lazerbolts are returned, 
	but streak harmlessly overhead  and explode out of range. 
	The exchange of gunfire lasts only a few moments.  When the 
	smoke clears, the troops have been destroyed.

100. MAIN HATCH - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - TOWNOWI

	The main hatch slowly begins to slide open, when the 
	rumbling explosion of lazerfire echoes through the hallways. 
	Han looks to the general  and they both instantly realize 
	what has happened.  Han draws his weapons.  The hatch is 
	now fully open.  Everyone stands silently  watching for the 
	two captains.  Alarms start screaming throughout the ship, 
	and the giant hatch slowly begins to close.

				 SKYWALKER
		Come on.  We can't wait.

	The group reluctantly exit the spacecraft, giving one last 
	look back to their lost friends.  The hatch continues to 
	slowly close, as the alarm sirens wail.  Suddenly, Valor 
	and Oxus round a corner and head for the ever-closing 
	hatch, battling several royal troopers as they go.  Han and 
	the general move up to the hatch and give cover fire.  Oxus 
	slips through the shrinking opening, and yells to Valor to 
	hurry.  Many more troops bear down on the young Dai as he 
	squeezes through the very slim opening.  One of the troops 
	dives after him  but is caught  and crushed by the emergency 
	hatch.

101. BOARDING RAMPS - GORDON SPACEPORT - TOWNOWI

	The general leads the group through various corridors.

				 HAN
		Once the alarm sounds, the entire 
		spaceport will shut down.

	They stop at a junction.  At the far end of one hallway,
	several troops guard a restricted passageway.

				 SKYWALKER
		That's the military section.

				 JUSTIN
		Fighter craft!

				 HAN
		But it's very heavily guarded. 
		We can't take it with subtlety.

	Before the general can answer, the acute scream of the
	spaceport alarm reverberates through the corridors.  The
	general, followed by his two young captains, charge toward 
	the heavily guarded military passageway.  Han, with the 
	princess and two robots, follow at a safe distance behind. 
	A guard sees them coming  and orders them to stop.  Captain 
	Valor and the general fire their lazerpistols and the 
	passageway entrance and the troops disappear in a huge 
	explosion.

	The group jump over the dead guards and smoking rubble, then 
	run through a series of hallways leading to a starship. 
	They  stop just short of an intersection leading to a boarding 
	ramp.  Valor peeks around a corner at two guards standing in 
	front of the boarding ramp.

				 JUSTIN
		Cutters!  We'll have to draw them 
		out. A blast might alert the crew.

				 SKYWALKER
		A-2,    Come here.

	The little robot waddles over to the old Dai.

				 SKYWALKER
		Move to that intersection and sound the 
		alarm.

	The mechanical dwarf dutifully marches into the intersection 
	and lets out a high, electronic scream.  The guards shut off 
	the deadly lazer cutters, and cautiously approach the wailing 
	robot.

				 GUARD
		What is it?  What's wrong?

	With incredible speed, both guards are dropped by a few
	precision blows from the two young captains.  They immediately 
	drag the unconscious guards into the starship.

				 SKYWALKER
		Valor!  Oxus!  Stand guard.  I'll 
		signal at take-off minus thirty.
		And reverse that cutter!

102. INTERIOR - ROYAL STARSHIP - TOWNOWI

	Han and the general, followed by Zara and the robots, enter 
	the royal starship.  They rush through several narrow hall-
	ways leading to the bridge.  Two crew members leaving a con-
	trol station  stumble into the group and are quickly dis-
	patched by Han.  The princess waits with the robots as the 
	general and Han enter the bridge.  The two pilots and 
	navigator are taken by surprise and are promptly subdued. 
	Han switches on the intercom and listens.

				 HAN
		How are we going to get them to 
		open the silo cover?

				 SKYWALKER
		Send C-3 in here.  Dispose of any 
		crewmen left on board.

103. BOARDING RAMP - SPACEPORT - TOWNOWI

	Valor and Oxus now wear the uniform of the royal guard. 
	Oxus has removed a plate from the cutter machinism and is 
	crossing a few wires.  He replaces the cutter plate just as a 
	squad of stormtroopers rushes toward the door.  An officer 
	salutes them.

				 OFFICER
		Have you seen them?

				 JUSTIN
		No, Sir.

				 OFFICER
		They're in this section somewhere. 
		I'm doubling all the guards.  Stay 
		alert.

	Two guards take up positions just outside the cutter areas, 
	and the squad moves on to another starship.  Valor gives 
	his partner a philosophical look.

104. INTERIOR - ROYAL STARSHIP - TOWNOWI

	The gleaming chrome C-3 sits in the pilot's seat  talking 
	on the intercom to a controller.  He breaks off his continual 
	drone of take-off instructions to the controller  and turns 
	to the general, shaking his head.

				 C-3
		They won't buy it.  I think they're 
		getting suspicious.

	Han enters.

				 HAN
		The crew is taken care of.

				 SKYWALKER
		Well, they're not going to open 
		the silo cover, so I'm afraid we'll 
		have to take it with us.

				 HAN
		We're going to sustain considerable 
		damage if we blast off through that 
		cover.

				 SKYWALKER
		It's a thin  shell.  There is no 
		choice.  (to C-3)  Signal the boys.

105. BOARDING RAMPS - SPACEPORT - TOWNOWI

	Warning lights flash and the main hatch to the starfighter 
	slowly begins to close.  The two royal stormtroopers yell 
	at Valor and Oxus.

				 STORMTROOPERS
		Watch it!  Don't fire into those 
		cutters!  (to Valor)  Shut down 
		the cutters!

	The two captains pretend to be confused  and not understand. 
	At the last minute  they leap aboard the starship.  The hatch 
	slides closed  and the boarding ramp drops away.  Several 
	more guards arrive  and give the troopers a special card, 
	which turns the small cutter warning lights from red to green. 
	The guards rush on to the boarding ramp and are wiped out by 
	the reversed cutters.

106. INTERIOR - STARSHIPS - TOWNOWI

	They strap themselves into lifepods.  C-3 and the general 
	move forward, and the giant ship shudders as it starts to 
	lift off the launch pad.  With tense expressions, they all 
	brace for the impact of the silo cover.

107. STARSHIP - SPACEPORT SILO - TOWNOWI

	The mighty starship thunders out of the silo, crashing
	through the cover plate, sending shrapnel in all directions. 
	The ship leaps toward the heavens.

108. BOARDING CAMPS - SPACEPORT - TOWNOWI

	Royal flight crews rush to their starships.  Pilots receive 
	their clearances  and several giant silo covers swing away 
	revealing deadly hunter-destroyer spaceships.

109. INTERIOR - BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

	Han and the general watch as five hunter-destroyers leave the 
	spaceport at Gordon.

				 SKYWALKER
		We suffered light damage to a deflector 
		fin.  It will take them quite a while 
		to catch up with us now.  Tell the boys 
		to get some rest.

110. AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

	Han retreats to the aft section of the ship, where the two 
	captains are checking out the two main lazercannons mounted 
	in large rotating bubble turrets.

				 HAN
		The old boy says you two should get 
		some rest.  You've got some time 
		before they catch up to us.

	Han notices the packs containing the young princes.

				 HAN (Cont.)
		Better store the boys in a lifepod. 
		Secure them well.

	He heads back toward the bridge, followed by Oxus.  Valor 
	carries the two mircropacks to a lifepod and straps them in. 
	He checks Oeta's energy supply.  It is low.  Zara approaches 
	him.

				 ZARA
		Couldn't we let them out now?

				 JUSTIN
		It's better this way.  Things are 
		going to get rough.

				 ZARA
		Will we make it?  Is there any 
		hope?  Stay with me.  I love you.

	Captain Valor is slightly shocked at this outburst.  The 
	princess starts to cry and clings to him for support.

				 JUSTIN
		No-one is going to die, so stop acting 
		like a child and start behaving like a 
		queen.  What is this silly talk of love?  
		You belong to the people of Townowi  and 
		my job is to return you to them, nothing 
		more.  Now straighten up and get into a 
		lifepod.

	She's deeply hurt by his callousness.  She breaks away from 
	him and runs down a hallway into a lifepod.  He is tired 
	and angry at the whole incident.

111. BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

	C-3 guides the starship toward the Ophuchi system.  The 
	general watches the computer readout estimate the position 
	of the royal hunter destroyers.

				 C-3
		Hostile craft will intercept at 
		thirty plus.

112. AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

	Captain Valor rests in one of the lazercannon pod bays.  He 
	is thinking about Zara.  Slowly, a smile creeps across his
	face.  He makes a decision, jumps up  and hurries down a
	hallway.  He taps on the lifepod bulkhead  and Oxus opens 
	the door.  Valor is surprised.

				 OXUS
		What is it?

				 JUSTIN
		Where is Zara?

				 OXUS
		She went forward.  What's going 
		on with you two?
		
				 JUSTIN
		I love her.

				 OXUS
		You're asking for trouble.  She's a queen. 
		Do you know what you're saying?

				 JUSTIN
		I don't care.  I've got to talk ...

	Oxus just shakes his head, but before Valor can finish his 
	sentence, the ship is rocked by a bombardment of proton 
	torpedoes.  The intercom squawks to life.

				 SKYWALKER (over intercom)
		Get to those guns!

	Captain Valor and Oxus rush to the lzercannons and jump into 
	the protective suits and helmets.

113. BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

	Han enters the bridge and sits before a fire control center. 
	The general sits in a chair  slightly behind and above C-3, 
	directing the robot pilot.

				 SKYWALKER
		Turn around!  Let's face them.

	A-2, sitting quietly in a corner, watches as C-3 punches 
	new information into the computer and the giant starship 
	swings around in a sharp circle.  Several torpedoes explode 
	near the ship.  The general switches on the intercom.

				 SKYWALKER
		You boys ready?

114. AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

	The captains adjust the lazercannon controls in front of 
	them and check in with the general.

				 SKYWALKER
		They should be within range in 
		twelve seconds...

	Captain Valor adjusts his giant lazer ack-ack cannon, 
	searching his electronic tracking screen for the hunter
	destroyer.  Oxus is having a problem with one of the
	rotating mechanisms on the huge gun.  He curses, climbs 
	out of the chair, and attempts to fix it.

				 OXUS
		My vertical rotating circuits are 
		out.

	The princess straps herself into a small lifepod.  Only the 
	slightest hint of concern or worry shows in her face.  She 
	listens to her protectors relay instructions as the enemy 
	approach.

115. BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

	The starship shudders as the hunter destroyers open fire.
	Han relays the ship's status to the general  as C-3 struggles 
	to keep up with the barrage of orders.

				 HAN
		We're losing deflectors three 
		thirty-one and ten forty-two.

				 SKYWALKER (to C-3)
		Cut hard to maridian nine zero 
		six.  Level to three degrees.
		(into the intercom)  We're 
		coming under one.  Wait for my 
		signal.

116. AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

	The constant flashing of deflected lazer bolts reflect in 
	the interior of the lazercannon bubble.  Captain Valor 
	rechecks his firing swithces.  Oxus adjusts his headphones 
	and lowers a glare reflector.  He raps on the power rotation 
	circuits  and gives them a little test burst.  The pod 
	instantly rotates a few degrees.  The large starship heads 
	directly toward the three enemy ships and at the last moment 
	dives under the attacking craft.  Valor watches the smaller 
	crafts pass overhead, aching to open fire.  He calls Oxus on 
	the intercom.

				 JUSTIN
		I've got no signal.  I'm on 
		target.  What's wrong?  What 
		is he waiting for?  I've got 
		an open shield.

	The three royal craft are firing incessantly at point blank 
	range.

				 OXUS
		Wait for the signal.

	But Captain Valor has a perfect shot and he can't wait.  He 
	squeezes the trigger and the giant lazercannon, with a burst 
	of smoke and electrical charge, opens up on the enemy craft. 
	Moments later, the signal lights flash on and Oxus commences 
	firing on the receding  hunter-destroyers.  Two of the royal 
	craft break off, and prepare for another attack run.  The 
	third is hit by a concentrated barrage from the two captains 
	and begins spinning out of control until it finally explodes. 
	Oxus gives the victory wave, which Justin gleefully returns. 
	These moments of triumph are broken by the intercom.

				 SKYWALKER
		Captain Valor, next run you wait for 
		my signal.  We haven't much power to 
		spare on your inaccurate grandstanding!

	Justin's pride is wounded.  He resets his accelerators as 
	the two remaining hunter-destroyers begin a second run.

117. BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

	Han turns to the general.

				 HAN
		We have a weakened shield on the 
		port turret...

				 SKYWALKER
		Warn Captain Valor.  Get him out of 
		there.  (to C-3)  Change your 
		heading by point five.

118. AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

	Princess Zara listens to Han warn Valor.

				 HAN
		Your shield power is down.  Abandon 
		that position and seal that section. 
		Report!  Captain, do you hear me?  
		Captain?!!!

	Zara becomes worried that something has happened to Justin. 
	The young captain switches off the intercom system and 
	signals to Oxus that the system has gone dead.  Before Oxus 
	can answer, the two hunter-destroyer spacecraft are upon 
	them once again.  Lazer bolts flash all around them.  The 
	general's signal flashes on, and the captain starts to 
	return the fire.  One of the royal fighters concentrates 
	its fire on Valor's weakened gunport.  A direct hit blows 
	open a hole in the turret and everything that isn't bolted 
	down is sucked into outer space, including Captain Valor. 
	He bangs against the side of the starship, held only by a 
	weakened lifeline.

	The princess hears Oxus explain ValorÕs predicament  and 
	rushes back to help him.  She is stopped by a pressure 
	locked door leading to the gun emplacement.

119. BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

	The general orders C-3 to swing the spacecraft around and 
	start a new attack.  He turns to A-2.

				 SKYWALKER
		Use the aft port.  See what you can 
		do for Valor.

	A-2 hurriedly waddles out of the bridge.  C-3 and Han 
	simultaneously turn to the general.

				 C-3
		More craft approaching!

				 HAN
		It looks like at least six or seven.

	The general studies the radar scopes and then checks a
	galactic map displayed on one of the monitors.

				 SKYWALKER
		Change course to three point one.

				 C-3
		That will head us directly into 
		the path of the Norton Asteroid 
		Belt.

				 HAN
		That asteroid belt is too dense 
		to pass through.  The ship won't 
		make it!

				 SKYWALKER
		We'll never defeat them in combat. 
		It's our only chance to lose them.

	C-3 punches in new coordinates  and the starship veers away 
	toward the treacherous asteroid belt.

120. AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

	Oxus fires on one of the two hunter-destroyers which is
	pacing the rebel starship.  Captain Valor unsuccessfully 
	tries to pull himself back inside the spacecraft.  The enemy 
	craft maneuvers wildly in an attempt to get into a better 
	position to fire on Valor.  Oxus blasts away until the royal 
	spacecraft spews forth equipment and personnel, careens off, 
	and eventually explodes.

	A-2 wobbles along the exterior of the ship until he reaches 
	the stranded captain.  He attaches a new lifeline to the 
	young Dai's spacesuit and makes his way back inside the 
	wounded craft.  Valor is pulled to safety just as the star-
	ship enters the asteroid belt.  A barrage of small and large 
	asteroids begins to pelt the ship, causing a great deal of 
	damage.

				 SKYWALKER (over intercom)
		Secure yourselves.  We may have to 
		eject.  Abandon the turrets.

	The princess rushes back to her lifepod and straps herself
	in.  Oxus and A-2 help Valor make his way out of the lazer-
	cannon turrets and through a series of locks, to the life-
	pod area.

121. BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

	The asteroids hit hard.  The ship is buffeted to and fro as 
	the general, Han, and C-3 struggle into their spacesuit-
	like lifepods.  The royal hunter-destroyer closest to the 
	rebel ship explodes in the on-rush of deadly asteroids. 
	The new reinforcement hunter-destroyers turn back and give 
	up the pursuit.  They disappear from the tracking monitors. 
	The asteroid bombardment becomes almost unbearable.  Warning 
	lights begin to flash.  Extending foils, antennae, and arma-
	ment pods are scraped away from the starship hull.  A base-
	ball sized hole is punched through the midsection, and 
	hundreds of objects are sucked into space.  A large locker 
	eventually plugs the opening.  The starship and her passengers 
	shudder and sway under the punishment of the asteroid storm.

				 C-3
		The ship is breaking up.

				 HAN
		We're almost clear of the storm.

				 C-3
		We'll never make it.  Eject.  We 
		must eject.

	The general watches the computer monitor as the starship
	emerges from the far side of the asteroid belt.

				 HAN
		We're approaching one of the 
		Forbidden Systems.

				 SKYWALKER
		We've got to achieve orbit.

				 C-3
		We'll never make it.

	The starship heads for a small blue-green planet in the
	distance.

122. AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

	Captain Valor was considerably shaken in the destruction of 
	his lazerturret.  He is slightly dazed as Oxus straps him 
	into a lifepod with A-2.

				 OXUS (to A-2)
		You watch him.  Make sure this 
		pod gets off all right.

	A-2 nods  and Oxus moves to the second lifepod and straps 
	himself in next to the princess.

				 ZARA
		Will he be all right?

				 OXUS
		I think so.  His feelings for 
		you are dangerous.  You should 
		discourage him.

	She is surprised that Valor has any feeling for her  but 
	keeps her emotions to herself.

123. BRIDGE - STARSHIP - YAVIN ORBIT

	The general is strapped into the lifepod with the two 
	micropacks containing the young princes.  Han and C-3 are 
	in the second lifepod.

				 HAN
		We're in orbit.

				 C-3
		We've got to eject now!  Those reactors 
		won't hold much longer.  This ship's 
		going to end up in a million little 
		pieces  and I don't want to be one of 
		them.

				 HAN
		All lifepod systems are operative.

				 SKYWALKER (into intercom)
		If you boys are ready back there, 
		we'll get off this bucket.

				 OXUS
		All systems operative.  I 
		have the signal.

				 A-2
		All systems operative.  We 
		have the signal.

	Han salutes the general  and his lifepod jettisons away 
	from the crippled starship.  He is quickly followed by 
	the general.

124. AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - YAVIN ORBIT

	A-2 pushes the jettison switch  but nothing happens.  Cap-
	tain Valor slowly and with some difficulty  pushes the 
	switch two or three times.  Nothing happens.  He begins to
	look a little worried.

				 A-2 (into intercom)
		We've got a problem.  Wait a 
		second.

	A-2 pushes the switch again  and the lifepod blasts off in 
	a cloud of smoke and debris.  Oxus also seems to be having 
	a problem.  Half the lights on his control panel have gone 
	dead.  He struggles to reactivate them.

				 OXUS
		My power's out!

				 SKYWALKER (over intercom)
		Is it a faulty switch?

				 OXUS
		No.  The whole bank is out.

	Oxus gives the princess a reassuring look, then punches some 
	information into the computer.  The monitor flashes: "Income 
	line main power."  He looks outside the lifepod and sees a 
	damaged cable.

				 OXUS
		I've found it.

				 SKYWALKER
		You haven't much time.  The 
		auxiliary units have already 
		blown.

	Oxus scrambles out of the lifepod and rushes over to the 
	severed connector.  He works on it for a few moments, then 
	stops with a rather defeated look.  The princess watches 
	him as he tries to think of a solution.  A great explosion 
	is heard in the forward part of the ship.

125. LIFEPODS - SPACE - YAVIN ORBIT

	The two lifepods containing the general, Han and C-3 drift 
	away from the disabled starship.

				 SKYWALKER
		Where's Captain Valor?

				 HAN
		I can't see him either.

	Captain Valor uses the small rockets on his lifepod to 
	maneuver back toward the burning starship.  He can hear the 
	general over the intercom.

				 SKYWALKER
		Captain Valor, where are you? 
		Report in.

	Valor reaches down and switches off the intercom.

126. AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - YAVIN ORBIT

	Oxus appears to have found a solution to his situation and 
	rushes back to the princess.  He reaches in and locks on the 
	power switch.

				 OXUS
		There is only one possible solution 
		and we must use it.  Lock the hitch 
		and make sure it is sealed.

				 PRINCESS
		But what of...?

	Another explosion creates a large bulge in the wall of the 
	aft section.

				 OXUS
		We've no time!

	He slams the hatch shut and runs to the power connector.
	Smoke begins to fill the chamber, as Oxus slams a large 
	metallic dampening tool across the damaged connector ter-
	minals, and the lifepod jettisons away.

127. LIFEPODS - SPACE - YAVIN ORBIT

	The princess jettisons free, as Captain Valor moves toward 
	the crippled ship.  Zara calls the general on the intercom.

				 ZARA
		I'm all right, but Clieg is 
		still on board.

				 SKYWALKER
		Captain Valor, stay out of 
		there.

	With a rumble, the starship disappears in a spectacular
	explosion, sending debris in all directions.  Valor stops 
	his lifepod and it starts to drift.  He is weeping.  Han 
	and the general watch the remains of the explosion drift 
	away.

				 SKYWALKER
		Captain Valor, stay near Zara. 
		Use your beacon.  Coordinate 
		with us.

	Valor's intercom is weak and there is a great deal of static. 
	The lifepods drift toward the awesome blue-green Yavin 
	surface.  The general loses sight of the other lifepods as 
	they descend through the cloud cover.

				 SKYWALKER
		Captain, I'm losing your beacon. 
		Send me a new signal.

	All he gets is static.  The planet surface rushes toward the 
	falling lifepods.  Retrorockets automatically kick in and 
	slow the pods.  Two of the small craft break through the 
	brown clouds and land in the dense, steaming jungles.  The
	sky is a strange light brown color.

128. VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

	The general's lifepod crashes through the foliage until it 
	comes to rest in the middle of a large vine-covered tree. 
	He grabs the two micropacks and climbs out of the lifepod 
	and onto a large  moss-covered limb.  Han and C-3 run to the 
	base of the huge tree.

				 HAN
		Are you all right?

				 SKYWALKER
		Fine.  Any signal from Captain
		Valor?

				 HAN
		Nothing yet.  I think they landed 
		further south.

	The general attaches a thin cable from his utility belt to 
	the tree trunk  and slides to the ground.  Han takes the 
	micropacks from him. The general looks around at the jungle.

				 SKYWALKER
		This is dangerous country.  We'd better 
		stay together.

				 C-3
		The wildlife in the Forbidden System 
		is extremely hostile.  Perhaps we 
		should seek shelter?

	Han inspects the power units of the micropacks.

				 HAN
		Puck's unit is very low.  I can't 
		tell if the unit is still functioning.

				 SKYWALKER
		We have to find a place to revive 
		them.  We'll start moving south.  We 
		should find protection along that 
		ridge.

	The general grabs one of the micropacks and starts off into 
	the murky jungle.  Han and C-3 quickly follow.  The jungle 
	is a strange and eerie fog-laiden purgatory.  Gruesome and 
	unnatural sounds permeate this ghostly wasteland.  Everyone 
	is cautious and on the alert for an unseen danger.

129. FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - YAVIN

	Captain Valor's lifepod is also caught in the limbs of a
	gargantuan tree.  The lifepod has been ripped in half by the 
	crash landing.  The unconscious Dai hangs half out of the 
	damaged craft.  A two-foot high insect-like creature scoots 
	down a branch and onto the back of the dormant warrior.  The 
	insect lets out a chilling hissing sound and a slimy tube 
	emerges from its hairy mouth, waking Valor.  He is immediately 
	aware of the insect.  His eyes are open but he doesn't move.  
	Suddenly with one quick blow he knocks the creature against 
	the side of the spacecraft and it is squashed lifeless.

	Captain Valor is a little groggy but he manages to climb 
	out of the wreckage.  He looks around for A-2.

				 JUSTIN
		A-2!  A-2!

				 A-2
		Help!

	Valor turns and sees the little robot hanging upside down, one 
	of his three feet caught in a vine.  He lifts A-2 out of his 
	predicament and places him securely on a wide limb.

				 JUSTIN
		Did you see Zara?

				 A-2
		She landed on the other side of those 
		trees, approximately eight hundred 
		meters.

				 JUSTIN
		Well, come on, old buddy.  Let's get 
		ourselves out of this tree.

130. VINE JUNGLE RIDGE - YAVIN

	The general, Han, and C-3 reach a shallow cave near the top 
	of a steep ridge.  They quickly pull off the micropacks and 
	place them on a clear piece of ground at the mouth of the 
	cave.

				 SKYWALKER (to Han)
		Check out the inside.  C-3, stand 
		guard.  Keep you eye on the country-
		side.

	He looks at the power units on the micropacks and shakes his 
	head with a worried look.  Han returns from a survey of the 
	inside of the cave.

				 HAN
		It doesn't go very far.  There's 
		nothing back there.

				 SKYWALKER
		Help me with this.

	Han helps the general lift the top from the case containing 
	Puck, the younger of the two princes.  The small boy appears 
	lifeless as the general pulls him from his encasement and 
	rests him on the cave floor.  Han pulls a small respirator 
	out of the micropacks and places it over the boy's nose.  The 
	general attaches two electrodes over his heart.

				 HAN
		He doesn't look good.

	The little prince begins to turn blue.  The general grows
	tense.  Puck starts to regain consciousness  but begins
	coughing and choking, then goes limp again.  The general
	quickly props Puck's mouth open with a small plastic rod and 
	checks the reading on his powerpack.

				 SKYWALKER
		We need more power.  Tap off OetaÕs 
		unit.  Quickly!

	He then places Puck's arms behind his back and starts pressing 
	on his chest with sharp, rhythmic movements.  Han attaches 
	new electrodes to the boy's heart.  Puck again comes to, 
	choking and coughing.  Finally, he begins to cry.  The general 
	takes the plastic tube from PuckÕs mouth and tenderly pats 
	him on the back.

				 SKYWALKER
		Let's get Oeta out of there.  He 
		shouldn't be a problem.

131. FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - YAVIN

	Valor slams closed the hatch of Princess Zara's lifepod. 
	In the distance the subhuman cries of lonesome tree beasts 
	cut through the forest murmur.

				 A-2
		Perhaps she went in search of 
		us.

	Valor studies the ground around the capsule.  There are a 
	great many footprints and much broken foliage.

				 JUSTIN
		Someone's got her.  She put up 
		quite a fight.  It's an easy 
		trail to follow.

132. VINE JUNGLE RIDGE - YAVIN

	Both Oeta and Puck are sleeping restlessly on the floor of 
	the cave.  Han watches over them as the general scans the 
	valley below with a pair of electrobinoculars.

				 C-3
		It's about fourteen degrees below 
		the horizon...a little to the left.

	The electrobinoculars sweep the rich green landscape until 
	they come to rest on a bright reflection revealing some 
	type of structure.

				 SKYWALKER
		It's too small to be a military 
		base.  Could belong to a trapper.

				 C-3
		Highly unusual.

				 SKYWALKER
		It's on the way.  Perhaps we 
		should investigate.
		
	Little Oeta wakes up with a giant yawn.

				 OETA
		Hey!  Where are we?

133. FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - YAVIN

	The gargantuan trees are shrouded in mist, and the ominous 
	sounds of unearthly creatures fill the air.  Captain Valor 
	moves quietly and cautiously, followed by A-2, who 
	inadvertently makes a loud clicking sound.  The young 
	warrior stops and motions to the stubby little robot.

				 JUSTIN
		Wait here.  If I don't return by 
		zero two hundred, come looking 
		for me.

	The mechanical dwarf acknowledges with his computer light.
	Valor moves swiftly and silently forward, until he hears 
	laughing and voices.  He climbs up the bankside of a huge 
	tree and inches his way out onto one of the huge overhanging 
	branches.  Below him he can see a group of scruffy alien 
	trappers sitting around a nutron stove, joking and telling 
	stories.  Parked on either side of the group are two large, 
	tank-like jungle-crawlers.  Behind the crawlers, five JawaÕs 
	(huge gray and furry beasts) hang upside down in a tree. 
	Occasionally they thrash about in great anger and frustration.

	The trappers speak in a strange language, and although they 
	appear slightly human, they are slimy, deformed, hideous 
	looking creatures.  Two of the trappers yell at each other 
	in a friendly argument.  One shirtless creature goes into a 
	crawler and the remaining eight laugh hysterically.  Captain 
	Valor moves further out on the limb to get a better view.  A 
	couple  of pieces of bark break loose, and float a hundred 
	feet to the ground.  The trappers fail to notice.  Moments 
	later, the shirtless trapper emerges from the crawler with 
	the princess held unconscious and half naked over his head. 
	Valor's rage knows no bounds.  With a terrifying Dai war cry, 
	the young captain jumps from the tree, sails over a hundred 
	feet, and with great agility, lands in the middle of the 
	startled trappers.  In one continuous rapid motion, he ignites 
	his lazersword and cuts down three of the vile creatures.  The 
	shirtless trapper swings the princess over his shoulder  and	 
	runs back into the huge jungle crawler.  Two other trappers 
	reach for their pistols, but the Dai has killed them before 
	their weapons can clear leather.  The three remaining 
	creatures have their pistols out and start firing.  Explosions 
	erupt all around Valor.  One blast hits the branch holding 
	the JawaÕs  and they collapse with a loud screech in a heap. 
	One of the trappers is caught in the crossfire and is blown 
	apart.

	When the smoke clears  Valor lies unconscious amid the 
	burning rubble.  The jungle crawler begins to move out of the 
	camp.  The last two trappers run after it.  One is able to 
	jump on board, but the second trapper runs too close to the 
	now freed Jawas.  Boma, one of the furry giants, grabs him 
	and snaps him in two, like a stick of wood.  The jungle 
	crawler disappears in the forest mist.  The eight foot Boma, 
	who resembles a huge, gray bushbaby with fierce baboon-like 
	fangs, struggles to free his companions.

	Valor regains semi-consciousness, and attempts to get up, only 
	to groan and collapse back into unconsciousness.  The Jawas 
	gather around him and poke him a couple of times to see if 
	he is still alive.  They squawk and jabber, apparently in 
	some kind of argument.  Finally, Wann, the largest of the Jawas 
	picks up Valor and puts him over his shoulder.  The group 
	disappears into the jungle foliage.

134. TREE HOUSE - FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - YAVIN

	Han and C-3 carry the two little boys on their shoulders. 
	The general stops on the edge of a clearing and motions for 
	the others to be still.  Oeta turns around and signals his 
	little brother to be quiet.  On the opposite side of the 
	clearing, a small metal structure is attaached to one of the 
	huge trees.  It is a small, weatherbeaten hut of futuristic 
	design.  It appears deserted.  The general cautiously 
	approaches the structure.

				 VOICE
		Howdy stranger.  What can I offer you?

	The general spins around and sees Huu Tho, an aged and scruffy 
	looking anthropologist.

				 THO (Cont.)
		I'm Huu Tho of Bastine.

	The general takes the old man's extended hand.

				 SKYWALKER
		I'm Luke Skywalker of Townowi.

	He signals for the others to join him in the clearing.

135. WOOKEE CAMP - YAVIN

	The small caravan of Jawas, led by Boma, enters a small 
	clearing surrounded by many bark and mud hovels.  Young 
	Jawas race ahead of the group, yelling and running in and 
	out of the grubby little dwellings.  Giant, bushbaby-like 
	Jawas of all ages and sizes make their way into the clearing. 
	Many stand dumbfounded, but others let out a joyful scream 
	and rush up to members of the group, hugging and kissing them.

	Wann dumps the unconscious captain on a raised area in the 
	middle of the clearing.  Armed Jawas immediately surround the 
	helpless human.  Boma enters the largest of the lodges.  He 
	is greeted by his father, Auzituck, chief of the Kaapauku 
	tribe.  He is an old and feeble Jawa dressed in royal skins 
	and headdress.

136. INTERIOR - ANTHROPOLOGIST HUT - YAVIN

	Anthropologist Tho, the general, Han and the children sit 
	around a large table eating.  Tho yells into the kitchen.

				 THO
		Beru!  Where's the thanta sauce?

	BERU THO, Kuu's warm plump wife, enters carrying a small 
	pitcher.  She smiles at Kuu.

				 BERU
		I swan!  I put it right here in 
		front so you'd see it.  (to Han)  
		Here's some bum bum extract. 
		It's very mild.

				 THO (to general)
		There are no settlers to the south 
		since the Dau family was wiped out. 
		I'm afraid I couldn't even get in 
		there to bury them.  Those Jawas 
		are the fiercest critters I've ever 
		run across.  A new tribe moved in 
		down there about a year ago  and 
		it's been hell ever since.  Only 
		Yourellian trappers venture in 
		there now  and many of them don't 
		even come back.

				 SKYWALKER
		Where's the nearest city?

				 THO
		No cities at all, only a few 
		scattered settlers and -- one 
		royal outpost.  But the troops 
		are of no help.  They kill and 
		plunder rather than protect.
		Enough.  If your friends landed 
		farther south, I'd fear for them.

				 HAN
		How far is the outpost from here?

				 THO
		Five leagues...an oppressive 
		blight.

				 SKYWALKER
		What class is it?  How many 
		support craft?

				 THO
		It's very small, a class two.  
		Only ten or twelve starraiders, 
		I think.

	Beru fusses over the boys, who refuse to eat their vegetables. 
	She makes up a game  which tricks them into eating.  The 
	general ponders the situation.  Han eats like he hasn't eaten 
	in years.

137. JAWA CAMP - YAVIN

	Captain Valor is surrounded by Jawas.  Young ones push through 
	to get a better look, as the adults jabber and argue about the 
	human.  Valor regains consciousness with a groan, and a sudden 
	hush sweeps over the gathering.  Valor staggers to his feet, 
	and the group of Jawas back away en masse.  The young dai 
	surveys the situation for a few moments.  The Jawas appear 
	to be frightened of this brave warrior.  He reaches for his 
	weapons  but they are gone.  Three guards with long spears 
	attempt to contain Valor.  With a loud shout, he lunges at 
	them and they give him a little room.  Jommillia, a large	 
	ferocious Jawa, steps forward.  He says something to the 
	guards and they quickly move away.  He struts before Captain
	Valor, boasting and taunting him with his spear and battle 
	ax.  The captain studies the Jawa warrior as he paces back 
	and forth, his helmet plumes dancing and chest armor jangling. 
	Without warning, Valor lets out another loud yell, startling 
	Jommillia into backing off.  Captain Valor continues his 
	verbal assault, calling the uncomprehending Jawa all manner 
	of vile and degrading things.  Jommillia continues to back 
	into the surrounding crowd, momentarily confused by this odd 
	behaviour.  Slowly, Jommillia begins to grin.  He takes a 
	defensive stance, then begins to laugh hysterically.  This 
	stops Valor.  The giant Jawa swings his deadly double-bladed 
	battle ax over his head and expertly throws it directly at 
	the young captain's head.  To the amazement of Jommillia and 
	the other Jawas, Captain Valor, with Dai Nogas skill and 
	concentration, catches the ax in mid-air, then charges his 
	furry opponent.

	Jommillia is caught off-guard, but manages to block Valor's 
	attack with his spear.  The two warriors engage in a savage 
	and fantastic duel.  Valor cuts the Jawas spear in half, but 
	is hit along the side of the head by the shaft and is momentaril 
	dazed.  The battle ax is knocked from his hands.  He grabs the 
	spear shaft and rams the giant creature in the belly.  A loud 
	command from outside the crowd stops the fight.  The Jawas 
	part, revealing Boma and his father, who approach the two 
	warriors.  Jommillia bows before his chief, and is commanded 
	to move away.  Boma speaks to Valor.  The captain doesn't 
	understand, but welcomes the chance to catch his breath. 
	Boma then presents his father, who steps forward and bows 
	before the mighty Dai.  Boma bows also as the crowd of Jawas 
	chatter in disbelief.  When the chief and his son rise, Valor 
	bows before them.  This pleases the Jawas and they screech 
	and cheer.

138. TREE HOUSE - FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - YAVIN

	Mr. and Mrs. Tho stand on the balcony of their tree house 
	with C-3 and the two little princes, Oeta and Puck.  Han and 
	the general emerge with large survival backpacks and multi-
	plelazer weapons.

				 SKYWALKER (to C-3)
		We'll call for you when we've found them.

				 C-3
		Your orders are quite clear.  The 
		boys will be quite safe.

				 THO
		Don't worry.  The patrols never 
		come out this far.  We'll take good 
		care of the boys.

				 SKYWALKER
		Your kindness will surely be 
		rewarded.

				 THO
		Just be careful out there.

	He pats Skywalker on the back as the old Dai and the ever 
	faithful Han descend from the tree house.  At the base of 
	the huge tree, the warriors climb aboard two small rocket 
	powered platforms.

				 THO (yelling down to them)
		They're pretty old.  I hope they'll 
		be all right!

				 SKYWALKER
		Out here they're a wonderment.

	C-3 and the kids wave as the jelsticks start with a whine. 
	They idle about five feet above the ground.

				 THO
		Good hunting!  May the force of 
		others be with you.

	Han and the general wave as they ride off into the foreboding 
	Yavin sunset.

139. JAWA CAMP - YAVIN - NIGHT

	A beautiful but frenzied fire festival is underway.  Jawas 
	perform the Waita Tar dance, and yodel in a barking fashion 
	around a large fire.  The female Jawas arrive, carrying 
	torches  and move in a circle around the males.  The giant 
	creatures are too involved to notice little A-2 make his way 
	around the dancers.  The stubby robot stops near one of the 
	mud huts and looks around.   He then wobbles off toward the 
	large chief's quarters and enters.

									  - Dissolve -

140. JAWA CAMP - YAVIN - MORNING

	A-2 exits the chief's hut and looks around.  It is a quiet 
	gray morning.  A low mist hangs over the now deserted 
	clearing.  He turns and signals back into the hut.  Captain 
	Valor cautiously emerges from the mud house.  He wears a 
	crude backpack and carries a large battle ax.  They start 
	across the clearing.  Suddenly, out of nowhere, Boma is 
	standing before them.  He says nothing, but scratches his 
	head and then circles around Captain Valor.

				 JUSTIN
		We are leaving.  We must go. 
		Stand away!

	The huge Jawa kneels and bows down in front of the young Dai. 
	Valor looks down and smiles.

				 JUSTIN
		Rise my friend.  We will meet 
		again.

	Valor walks toward the jungle and Boma scurries ahead of him 
	and bows down once more.

				 A-2
		What does he want?

	Valor shakes his head and rubs his several days growth of 
	beard.  He leans down toward Boma.

				 JUSTIN
		Stand up so we can talk properly.

	Boma jabbers in a questioning fashion.

				 JUSTIN
		I am grateful to you and your 
		people, but I must go.  I wish 
		you understood me.  I would 
		make things so much easier.  
		Go!  Go!

	Valor turns away, and begins to walk toward the jungle again. 
	Boma gets to his feet and runs after the Dai, following a few 
	paces behind.  Valor notices the Jawa following them  and 
	shakes his head.

141. FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - TRAPPER SIGHT - YAVIN

	The bodies of the killed trappers are covered with rat-sized 
	insects.  A lazer explosion erupts in the middle of the slimy 
	creatures and they scatter into the underbush.  Han and the 
	general turn over one of the dead trappers.

				 HAN
		They ran into something.

				 SKYWALKER
		It's strange they left their 
		dead.  Something...

	The constant cacophony of jungle creatures suddenly stops. 
	The two warriors scan the jungle for possible danger.  Han 
	draws his lazerpistol.  The cacophony starts again as the 
	general ignites his lazersword.

				 HAN
		Two or three moving this way 
		from the east.

	He listens more closely for a few moments.

				 HAN (Cont.)
		It's A-2.

	Captain Valor and A-2 break out of the dark foliage into the 
	clearing.  He waves to Han and the general.  A-2 waddles a 
	few paces behind.  Boma sees the humans and stops at the 
	edge of the jungle.  He watches as Captain Valor and the 
	general carry on an animated conversation.  Han sees the 
	Jawa lurking in the shadows.

				 HAN
		You were followed.

				 JUSTIN
		He wouldn't stay.  He's the one I 
		saved.

	Han calls out to Boma in the Jawa's own language  and the 
	huge lumbering creature approaches the group.  Han and the 
	Jawa talk for a few moments, then embrace as if they were 
	old friends.  Captain Valor is surprised.

				 HAN (to Valor)
		This is Boma, son of Auzituck, 
		Prince of the Sawas - a very 
		powerful tribe.  It seems they've 
		made you a god.

	The general smiles.  Captain Valor is embarrassed.

142. VINE JUNGLE RIDGE - YAVIN

	Captain Valor joins the general on a ridge overlooking the
	royal outpost of Mavassi.  All that can be seen of the
	fortress is a lone guard standing on a small pedastal jutting 
	out above the dense jungle.

				 SKYWALKER
		Their trail leads directly to the 
		outpost.  Patrols are probably 
		out looking for us by now.

				 JUSTIN
		Finding her in there isn't going 
		to be easy.

				 SKYWALKER
		Getting in there is going to be 
		impossible, but we could sure 
		use those starships.

	Captain Valor spots something moving in the jungle.  He scans 
	the area with his electrobinoculars.

				 JUSTIN
		Something's going on down there.
		Han!

	Han moves up next to Valor, followed closely by Boma.

				 JUSTIN
		Your eyes are better than mine.
		What do you make of that?

				 HAN
		They look like Jawas, hundreds 
		of them.

	Han turns and speaks to Boma, gesturing toward the movement 
	far below in the jungle.

				 HAN
		Apparently it's a siege.  They've 
		been harassing the outpost for 
		almost two years.

				 SKYWALKER
		Have they ever tried to take the 
		fortress?

	Han relays this to Boma.

				 HAN
		He says they've made several 
		assaults, but they are no match 
		for the weapons.

				 SKYWALKER
		It's only a class three fortress.  
		Maybe they just need a little 
		help.

	Captain Valor grins, and Han says something to Boma, who 
	becomes excited and screeches loudly.

143. INTERIOR - TREE HOUSE - YAVIN

	The incoming signal alarm on the anthropologist's radio
	system wails through the calm of the tree house.  Oeta,
	dragging an eight-legged, furry rodent, rushes up to the 
	old radio and flips the receiver.

				 OETA
		I'm reading yah.  Go ahead.

				 SKYWALKER
		Oeta, how are you getting along?

				 OETA
		Great!  I caught a thumper, a 
		really big one.  Its name is 
		Amber.

	He yanks on the leash, and the furry beast lets out a
	strained yelp.

				 SKYWALKER
		Good, Oeta.  How's your brother?  
		Are you taking good care of him?

				 OETA
		Oh, sure.  He's out collecting 
		"abas" with Huu and Beru.  I'm 
		in charge here.  Did you find 
		Zara?

				 SKYWALKER
		Not yet.  We'll be away for a 
		while.  You mind Tho until we 
		return.  May the force of others 
		be with you.

				 OETA
		All right.  Take care.

	C-3 enters the room carrying a plate of steaming food. Oeta 
	turns the radio off and puts the receiver away.  A crashing 
	sound and voices are heard in the clearing below.

				 C-3
		Come and eat your dinner.

				 OETA
		They're back!  They're back!  Come Amber.

	The furry rodent jumps up onto its eight stubby legs and
	rushes over to the door, but stops short and begins to growl. 
	Oeta stops behind the creature.

				 OETA
		What is it, Amber?

	Oeta peeks out the window, and sees a patrol of six royal 
	stormtroopers climbing out of an airtank.  He ducks back 
	and tugs Amber away from the door.

				 OETA
		Quiet, Amber.  Come here.  Come on.

				 C-3
		What's wrong?

				 OETA
		Troopers.  We must hide.  Stay quiet.

	Oeta and the robot scramble for a trap door near a large 
	shelf.  The troops begin to climb the ladder to the tree 
	house.  The trap door is heavy, and the robot and the little 
	boy struggle to get it open.  The troops break in the door 
	just as C-3 closes the trap door.  The troopers are led by 
	a rough looking sergeant.  They poke around, tearing every-
	thing apart.  Oeta struggles to keep Amber quiet.  Suddenly, 
	he realizes something.

				 OETA
		The food!

	The sergeant takes the bowl of food from the table and
	studies it.  He then takes a small chrome ball from his
	pocket and tosses it into the air.  Antennae shoot from 
	its surface as it floats around the room.  Eventually it 
	hovers over the trap door.  A sinister grin sweeps across 
	the sergeant's face as he moves over to the trap door and 
	puts the chrome ball back into his pocket.

	C-2 puts his arm around Oeta, who is desperately clutching 
	the struggling thumper.  All the movement above them stops 
	and Oeta looks to the robot.

				 C-3 (quietly)
		They're still up there.  Stay 
		still.

	The silence continues, then suddenly the trap door swings 
	open with a loud bang.  Amber breaks away from Oeta and 
	attacks the sergeant.  One of the other troopers cuts the 
	thumper in half with his lazersword.  The sergeant pulls 
	Oeta out of his hiding place.  Oeta stares at the dead 
	thumper.

				 SERGEANT
		Well, well!  Here's one of them, 
		anyway.  Send seekers in all 
		directions.  Find the others!

144. VINE JUNGLE RIDGE - YAVIN

	The general sits at the head of the large stone table
	pushing small markers around.  Han explains what the general 
	is doing to ten or fifteen Jawa chiefs gathered around the 
	table.  Occasionally, Boma puts in a word of further explana-
	tion or answers a question.  Captain Valor sits back silently 
	watching the Jawa warriors and listens to the general's plan.

				 SKYWALKER
		... then they pull back to here.  
		That's where the trap will be set.  
		No-one must advance.  An assault 
		on the perimeter is useless.  Our 
		only hope is to use their weapons 
		against them.

	The general pauses while Han and Boma translate.

				 SKYWALKER 
		Once we acquire those tanks, our
		prime object must be to secure the 
		starship.  No-one must escape.

145. IMPERIAL OUTPOST - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

	Three officers run along a row of giant airtanks to a perimeter 
	bunker.  There, two stormtroopers are watching the jungle. 
	When the officers arrive, the troopers let them look through 
	the powerful mounted electrobinoculars.  One of the troopers 
	points out several areas in the dense jungle.

146. INTERIOR - CONTROL ROOM - ROYAL OUTPOST - YAVIN

	A trooper sitting at an elaborate control panel turns to an 
	officer watching a monitor system.

				 TROOPER
		A large concentration of trestuals 
		at point E-2.

				 OFFICER
		Alert squads one through six.

147. VINE JUNGLES - OUTPOST PERIMETER - YAVIN

	The general stands in a clearing surrounded by many armed 
	Jawas carrying large shiny shields.  Han moves back and forth, 
	barking orders to the assembled creatures.

				 SKYWALKER (to Han)
		We're ready.  Give them the signal.

	Han motions to a young Jawa, who takes off, running through 
	the jungle.

148.  ROYAL OUTPOST - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

	Three large airtanks slowly move toward the outpost perimeter. 
	The tank pilots sit on the hatch rims of the ponderous weapons, 
	studying the movements of the Jawas.  The tank personnel talk 
	to one another on an intercom system.

				 TANK PILOT
		There is a large concentration,
		red two by X-S.  Let's break 
		them up.

	The pilots slip into the tanks and close the hatches.  The 
	tanks open up with a barrage of lazerbolts which create a 
	wall of explosions.  The Jawas retreat, and the tanks follow. 
	The tank crews track the fleeing creatures with various 
	electronic scopes, and laugh at the fleeing creatures.

149. VINE JUNGLE - OUTPOST PERIMETER - YAVIN

	The general stands on a limb of a jungle tree, watching the 
	advancing tanks.  Captain Valor is on another branch a few 
	feet away.

				 SKYWALKER
		They've grown sloppy fighting 
		Jawas.  The intrafazer systems 
		aren't on.  They're in for a 
		little surprise.

	Captain Valor flashes a signal mirror, which is received by 
	a Jawa near the tanks.  The Jawas are in pairs and they hold 
	heavy stone wedges attached to woven vines, which, in turn, 
	are fastened high in the trees.  When the tanks pass directly 
	under the Jawas, they let loose with the heavy stone 
	pendulums.  The wedges fly through the air, neatly clipping 
	off the antenna groupings protruding from the tops of the 
	airtanks.

150. INTERIOR - AIRTANK - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

	Several of the lights and monitors go dark on the main control 
	panel.  The pilot flips several switches in a panic.

				 PILOT
		All high phasing units are out.  
		We've lost all contact.

				 SERGEANT
		Send out a ground signal!

	Suddenly, all of the monitors go white, and static fills the 
	crowded tank interior.  An alarm signal sounds.

				 SERGEANT
		What is it?!!!

				 PILOT
		All signals, sensers, everything, 
		are coming right back to us.  Some 
		kind of deflection screen.  It's a 
		total blackout.

				 SERGEANT
		Get out there and see if you can 
		see anything.

	The pilot pushes a button and the main hatch slowly slides 
	away.

151. VINE JUNGLE - OUTPOST PERIMETER - YAVIN

	The pilot pops out of the hatch and sees two rows of Jawa 
	warriors holding reflective shields.  They form a circle 
	that totally encompasses the massive air tank.  Han shouts 
	a signal to a group of Jawas in another tree, and they cut 
	loose a bent limb which is attached to a noose around the 
	tank's hatch.  The noose instantly tightens around the pilot 
	and he is plucked from the tank and suspended fifty feet in 
	the air.  In an equally swift move, Captain Valor drops a 
	small gas grenade into the open hatch.  It explodes and 
	engulfs the tank in a gray mist.

	The Jawas let out a joyful yell, and charge the tank.  Han 
	yells at them to stop, but several make it to the conquered 
	craft before the gas cloud dissipates and they are felled by 
	the fumes.  Valor waits until after the smoke clears  and
	then jumps on the back of the immobile tank.

	Several signal mirrors flash their messages to Han and the 
	general.

				 HAN
		That makes four captured.

				 SKYWALKER
		Have them camouflaged.  I'm 
		going with Captain Valor.

152. INTERIOR - AIRTANK - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

	Jawas are removing the tank crew as Valor checks out the power 
	controls.  The general slides through the main hatch.

				 SKYWALKER
		Any damage?

				 JUSTIN
		She's fine.  We're ready to 
		move.

				 SKYWALKER
		Then let's go.
		
	The general yells for the Jawas to clear the tanks, and they 
	scramble out of the hatch.

153. VINE JUNGLE - OUTPOST PERIMETER - YAVIN

	The tank starts up with a loud roar, startling many Jawas 
	resting on the mighty vehicle.  Boma yells at the warriors 
	and they fall a few feet behind the tank, their shields 
	forming a shiny protective wall.

154. ROYAL OUTPOST - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

	Several officers stand on a parked airtank trying to get a 
	better view of the operation.  A light landspeeder pulls up 
	next to the group and a general gets out.  The officers snap 
	to attention.

				 GENERAL
		Can you see anything?

				 OFFICER
		No, sir, but they've stopped 
		firing.

				 AIDE
		Communications still can't reach 
		them, sir.

				 GENERAL
		Does anyone know what's going on?

				 OFFICER
		I'm sure they've got them on the 
		run, sir.

	A lazerbolt flashes out of the jungle and destroys a guard 
	tower about a quarter of a mile from where the men are 
	standing.  Seconds later, the airtank on which they are 
	standing explodes into a million pieces.  Out of the jungle 
	rumbles the captured airtank, driven by Captain Valor and 
	followed by a column of Jawa warriors.

	Alarms sound, troops rush from the low block-houses, and a 
	battle rages inside the outpost.  Jawas with spears, axes, 
	and arrows mange to hold their own against the lazer weapons 
	of the stormtroopers.  Explosions erupt everywhere as the 
	Jawas begin to use captured lazerrifles.  They are much 
	fiercer fighters than the soft royal troops.

155. INTERIOR - AIRTANK - OUTPOST - YAVIN

	Captain Valor works the controls of the airtank as the general 
	watches the monitors and works the lazerguns.

				 SKYWALKER
		Swing left.  They're trying to cut us 
		off.

156. STARSHIP RUNWAY - ROYAL OUTPOST - YAVIN

	Captain Valor maneuvers the airtank in front of a line of 
	ten starships  cutting off a platoon of stormtroopers.  The 
	troops open fire on the tank  but are cut down by a group of 
	Jawas who have moved in behind them.  Han and A-2 run up to 
	the tank as Valor and the general climb out of the hatch.

				 HAN
		We've taken the main control center.  
		All power units have been shut 
		down.  They're helpless.

				 JUSTIN
		Have they found Zara?

				 HAN
		They've taken her back to Townowi.  
		The ship left nor more than ten 
		hours ago.

				 SKYWALKER (to Han)
		Set up a perimeter around these 
		starships.  Use as many men as 
		you need.

157. STAFF OFFICE - ROYAL OUTPOST - YAVIN

	Captain Valor and the general sit at a large table in the
	deserted office of the Royal Chief of Staff.  The room is 
	in a state of disarray;  papers are scattered everywhere. 
	A-2 stands on a chair, projecting an image of the "death 
	star" fortress orbiting Townowi, on the table top.

				 A-2
		... and are connected to the 
		central system by a series of 
		crossing networks similar to 
		section TB4 or F687.

	The projection switches to a close-up view of the transformer. 
	The general studies it carefully, then leans back in his chair. 
	A-2 turns off the projector.

				 SKYWALKER
		I'm not going to stop you, but I 
		think it's a reckless move. Even 
		if you could get in, you'd never 
		be able to get out.  Just be patient.  
		We now have enough ships to attack 
		in force.

				 JUSTIN
		But no pilots.

	Han and Boma enter the office.

				 HAN
		Still no contact with Huu Tho 
		or the kids.  I'm afraid some-
		thing's happened.

				 SKYWALKER
		Have Boma send two of his best 
		warriors out there to get them.

	Han relates this to Boma.  The general turns back to
	Captain Valor, who watches Boma leave the room.

				 JUSTIN (mocking)
		They're fierce warriors  but you'll 
		never teach them to fly.

	The general gives him a stern look.

				 SKYWALKER
		They'll fly  and Townowi will be 
		free.

				 JUSTIN
		May the force of others be with 
		you.

	The general embraces the young Dai.

				 SKYWALKER
		Bring her back safely.

158. OUTPOST RUNWAY - STARSHIP - YAVIN

	Captain Valor, dressed as an royal skyraider, and A-2 climb 
	aboard one of the giant four-man starships.  A crowd of 
	Jawas lead by Boma give a rousing cheer for the departing 
	Dai.  Valor breaks into a smile and waves to the joyous 
	warriors.  The general watches the proceedings from a bunker 
	turret.  He is lost in thought.

159. SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Three royal space transports dock inside the huge artificial 
	moon.  The smaller convoy starships circle the larger craft 
	until the three ships are safely inside the vast fortress.

160. CONFERENCE ROOM - INTERIOR SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	General Vader of the Royal Space Fleet, hurries down a hall-
	way, followed by a group of officers.  They enter the large 
	conference room where Zara is held under heavy guard.  She 
	appears well, but saddened.  Vader approaches her and bows  
	before her.

				 VADER
		I pray you have been treated honorably?  
		I am your servant, Darth Vader.  It 
		won't be long before we will be able to 
		return you to your people.  (to an aide)  
		Are the chambers ready?

				 AIDE
		They are working on it, sir.

	Zara stares defiantly at him.  She starts to speak, but a 
	powerful electric shock engulfs her body  and she whines 
	in extreme pain.

				 VADER
		Just relax, and everything will be fine.  
		(to guards)  Take her to section twenty-
		five.

	Zara is forcibly taken from the room.

				 VADER (to officer)
		What time do the doctors from Granicus 
		arrive?

				 OFFICER
		Sixty-five hours, sir.

				 VADER
		Put all security stations on alert 
		until they arrive.

	The officer salutes smartly and exits.

161. ROYAL OUTPOST - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

	A huge air tank rumbles along the approach to the royal 
	outpost.  The pilot sits on the main hatch of the tank, 
	talking to his crew by headphones.

				 PILOT
		Any contact yet?. It appears 
		deserted.  I don't like it.

	The tank enters the outpost perimeter and smoking rubble 
	from the recent battle comes into view   The pilot becomes 
	alarmed.

				 PILOT
		There has been an attack!  
		Reverse direction.

	The tank comes to a grinding halt  but before it can start 
	up again  it is surrounded by the Jawa army.  From out of 
	no-where a Jawa is on the back of the airtank and has the 
	pilot in a powerful armlock.

	A Jawa chieftan rushes from a bunker, followed by an excited 
	jabbering warrior.  They reach the captured airtank just as 
	the last crewman is hauled out  and little Oeta pokes his 
	head out of the hatch.  He is frightened.  His younger 
	brother Puck follows him out of the tank.  Below them, the 
	Jawas bully the captured crewmen.

				 PUCK
		What will they do to us?

				 OETA
		I don't know  but it don't look 
		good.

	C-3 pulls himself out of the airtank, followed by Han Tho 
	and his wife.  The Jawa chieftan climbs on board and starts 
	to jabber at the group   The Jawa carries on for some time 
	gesturing wildly and continually pointing at the sky.  The 
	two boys are too scared to say anything.  Finally, the Jawa 
	kneels before them.  C-3 politely returns a short bow.

				 OETA
		I don't get it.

	The Jawa rises and again gestures skyward, just then a starship 
	wildly buzzes the field, upside-down.  All the Jawas run for 
	cover.  The chief Jawa points to the crafts, and jabbers 
	incessantly.

162. INTERIOR - ROYAL STARSHIP - SKY OVER YAVIN

	Boma sits at the controls of a four-man starship.  His face 
	is a twisted combination of complete panic and an awesome 
	religious experience.  The general  sitting next to him 
	calmly switches a few buttons on the control panel, as Han 
	watches from the seat directly behind the Jawa.

				 SKYWALKER
		You'll get the hang of it.

	Han also gives the Jawa a few words of encouragement.

				 SKYWALKER
		Now, let's see if we can get into 
		orbit.  Push this, then ease her up.

	Boma follows the instructions  but pulls back on the lever 
	too fast and the ship being to vibrate and bounce violently. 
	Boma thinks it's funny and begins to laugh hysterically.  Han 
	becomes nervous and upset.

				 SKYWALKER
		Not so fast.  Back off!  Back off!

	Han yells at the Jawa, who can't respond because he is 
	laughing so hard.  The general pulls back on the lever.  Han 
	shakes his head and gives the general a worried look.

				 SKYWALKER
		Don't worry.  Ignorance is on 
		their side.

	Han is beginning to look a little sick.  He gets up and 
	rushes to the back of the ship.

163. ROYAL SPACE FORTRESS - DOCKING AREA - TOWNOWI

	The canopy on the starship pops open and A-2 and the young 
	Dai  disguised as a starraider, climb out onto the docking 
	platform.  An officer and two groundcrew approach him and 
	salute.  Captain Valor hands him his papers.

				 JUSTIN
		I'm here to check the vent ports in 
		the rim tracks.

				 OFFICER
		Your ship is from Yavin.  We've 
		lost all contact with them.  What's 
		going on out there?

				 JUSTIN
		There is a fierce invasion just east of 
		Bull Pup station.  It's really a mess 
		out there.

	The officer smiles and the ground crew starts to check out 
	the starship.  Valor heads for the main docking exit, followed 
	by A-2.  He remembers something as he passes the control 
	station and calls out to the officer.

				 JUSTIN
		Do you mind if I use your com-link?

				 OFFICER
		No.  Go ahead.

	Valor walks into the small control area and pretends to talk 
	on an intercom system.

				 JUSTIN (to A-2)
		Find the highest security area.

	A-2 punches his claw arm into a computer socket and the brain 
	comes to life, feeding information to the little robot.

	Captain Valor watches the officer as he directs the crewmen 
	in the securing of the starship.  A-2 removes his arm from 
	the computer and the duo leave the control station.

				 A-2
		Station 325 is the highest security 
		area on board.  It's a detention area.

	They disappear into a chamber lock hallway.

164. ELEVATOR TUBE - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Valor, trying to look inconspicuous, waits for a horizontal 
	elevator.  Troops and fortress personnel come and go, but 
	no-one seems to pay any attention to the pair.  Finally  a 
	small car arrives  and Valor follows A-2 into the podlike 
	vehicle  and it takes off through a vacuum tunnel.

165. DETENTION AREA - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Valor and A-2 enter a security station.  Guards and electronic 
	cutters are everywhere.  An officer approaches Valor and checks 
	his papers.

				 OFFICER
		The B-23 can't enter this station.

				 JUSTIN
		But I need him.

				 OFFICER
		Sorry.  No mechanical personnel. 
		It's restricted.

	Valor watches helplessly as A-2 is led into a waiting area.

				 OFFICER
		You may proceed  but you'll have 
		to be escorted.

	A trooper joins Valor and leads him through a series of 
	hallways.  Valor carefully surveys the area as he follows 
	the guard.

				 TROOPER
		Mathusians just beat the PDRs again.  
		They should be in another league.  Do 
		you follow the ecometrics?

	The guard turns to discover that Captain Valor has dis-
	appeared.  He is stunned, then manages to pull out a small 
	ring radio.

				 TROOPER
		Code six - alert.

166. STARSHIP RUNWAY - ROYAL OUTPOST - YAVIN

	Six Jawas sit before Han and the general, listening to Han 
	explain something about space fighting.  Tho approaches the 
	general.

				 THO
		We've made contact with the under-
		ground on Townowi.  Things are 
		tighter.  They can only get one 
		man out.  Datos is on his way.

				 SKYWALKER
		We should be ready by the time he 
		arrives.

	Han turns to the general.

				 HAN
		They're ready to go up.

	The general makes a short statement to the Jawas in their 
	own language.  They let out a loud cheer and run for the row 
	of starships.

167. STARSHIP - SPACE - YAVIN

	The general sits next to Boma as he leads two other Jawa- 
	piloted starships in a tight formation.  They head for a 
	small cluster of asteroids orbiting near the planet's surface. 
	The general quietly gives Boma some reassuring instructions. 
	Han leads a second formation of three ships, following BomaÕs 
	group.  The two formations of starships make an attack run on 
	the asteroids.  The general watches as Boma lines up and fires 
	at an asteroid blowing it into a million pieces.  The general 
	smiles and slaps Boma on the back.  The Jawas excitedly 
	chatter among themselves over the intercom system.

168. DETENTION AREA HALLWAY - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	A patrol of ten men marches through one of the long hallways 
	in the detention area.  They stop at an intersection.  The 
	officer in charge reports on the intercom.

				 OFFICER
		Ben Five to Boma.  All clear.

	The troops relax; some stand in groups, others wander a
	distance away, poking into the various small alleyways 
	running off the main hallway.  One trooper notices a small 
	reflected light in one of the narrow corridors  and carefully 
	moves down the dark passageway to check it out.  Out of no-
	where, a fist knocks the trooper unconscious and drags him 
	into a small alcove.

	The officer finishes his report on the intercom and yells 
	for the troops to fall-in.  Men scurry in all directions 
	and out of a narrow corridor emerges Captain Valor, dressed 
	in the uniform of a royal startrooper.  He joins the platoon 
	and they march away.

169. GENERAL'S QUARTERS - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	General Vader and several officers watch the progress of the 
	search on TV monitors.  The general speaks into an intercom.

				 VADER
		Have them clear the area.  Bring 
		in the seekers.
		
	On the monitors the troops are assembled in the main entry-
	way and several small chrome balls are thrown into the hall-
	way.  Small antennae pop from the chrome surface  and the 
	small balls float down the hallways.  Dodona, once a proud 
	legionnaire, enters wearing the uniform of a stormtrooper. 
	He snaps to attention before the general and hands him a 
	report.  Vader gives Dodona a sly grin.

				 DODONA
		Contact has been lost with the ship 
		carrying the doctors from Granicus.  
		The princess' treatment will have to 
		be delayed.

				 VADER
		We've just trapped your old friend 
		Captain Valor.  Watch us accomplish 
		what you found to be impossible.

	Dodona is humiliated but stays at attention.  Vader gets an 
	emergency call on the intercom.

				 VADER
		Yes. Yes.  Put it on the view screen.

	One of the TV monitors switches to an image of the unconscious 
	trooper Captain Valor stripped.

				 VADER
		Get me the Captain of the Guard.

170  DETENTION AREA - MAIN ENTRY - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Three squads of troops, including Captain Valor, stand at
	attention in the main entrance to the detention area, while 
	the Captain of the Guard gets new orders over his head-
	phones.  Valor studies the situation carefully, looking for 
	a way out of his predicament.  The Captain of the Guard calls 
	up the platoon sergeants and gives them a series of orders. 
	They return to their squads and begin to inspect the troops. 
	Valor begins to get worried.

	The sergeant works his way down the line until he gets to 
	the trooper next to Valor.  He sees no chance of escape, but 
	surprise.  Suddenly, he bolts from the ranks and races down 
	the hallway.

				 CAPTAIN OF THE GUARD
		Squad leaders!

	Ten troopers break out of the ranks and take up the chase. 
	Captain Valor runs down a corridor and rounds a corner, 
	reaching a dead end.  The troops round the corner and 
	confront the trapped Dai.  The sound of igniting lazer-
	swords fills the hallway.  Valor takes a defensive stance, 
	his huge lazersword buzzing loudly.  The troops attack. 
	They fight with skill and bravery  but are eventually all 
	cut down by the invincible Dai warrior.

	Captain Valor breaks away from the troops and runs down a 
	long hallway.  A safety door slides shut, closing off his 
	escape.  He turns around in time to see another door seal 
	off the opposite end of the hallway.  Before he can make 
	any attempt to pry open the door, gas fills the sealed 
	corridor.  Valor collapses in a heap on the floor.

171. GENERAL'S QUARTERS - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Vader laughs as he watches the unconscious Valor on the TV 
	monitors.  All of the other officers in the room are laughing 
	and joking, except Dodona, who remains grimly at attention.

				 VADER (to Dodona)
		Take him to the special section.

	Dodona salutes, and exits the offices.  Vader laughs again.

172. STARSHIP RUNWAY - ROYAL OUTPOST - TOWNOWI

	Nine gleaming starships sit in a row along the edge of the 
	vast jungle runway.  Bizarre and colorful Jawa designs have 
	been painted across the large deflector fins of the space-
	craft.  Some designs transform the ships into huge and 
	grotesque animals, while others create unique mosaic patterns.  
	The four-man Jawa crews stand proudly at attention in front 
	of their ships.  The general, along with Han and the under-
	ground leader, Datos, review the assembled Jawas.   In one of 
	the Jawa crews, a pilot is picking fleas off the back of his 
	tail gunner.  When the general passes  he snaps to attention.  
	There is a gleam in the general's eye as he shows off his 
	strike force to the crusty old underground leader.  When 
	they've inspected the last starship, Datos turns to the 
	general.

				 DATOS
		I'm speechless.  It's amazing.  A 
		most impressive display.  For the 
		first time since the take-over, I 
		feel real hope.

				 SKYWALKER
		Will your people be ready?

				 DATOS
		Our forces have already started 
		sabotaging their com-link set 
		ups.  A refugee camp on Mananyo 
		has been conducting raids on 
		shipping from Granicus.  That's 
		how we intercepted those doctors.

				 SKYWALKER (to Han)
		Get them in the ships.  We're on 
		our way.  (to Datos)  Send the 
		code signal.

173. DETENTION CELL - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	General Vader and Dodona watch as a medic revives Valor, 
	who has been strapped to an upright slab protected by 
	cutter-rays.

				 MEDIC
		He's coming round.

	The medic backs away and throws the switch which activates 
	the cutters.  A blue glow surrounds Valor as he wakes up 
	and sees Vader and Dodona.

				 VADER
		For all the myths and the trouble 
		you don't seem like much.

	He laughs and leaves Dodona alone in the room with the young 
	Dai.  Dodona appears sad and frustrated at the capture of the 
	noble warrior.  They stare at one another for a few moments.

				 DODONA
		You were insane to come here.  The 
		security on this...this thing is 
		impossible.  Why?  For her?  I can't 
		believe your loyalty is that strong. 
		You're a great warrior, but you're a 
		greater fool.  This is a place for 
		androids - no codes, no honor.  Our 
		ways are useless here.  Why couldn't 
		you have stayed away?
		
	He storms out of the cell.  Captain Valor struggles to free
	himself.

174. SLUM DWELLING - GORDON SPACEPORT - TOWNOWI

	The young partisan, Occo, listens to a small transmitter in 
	a secret closet behind the main room in a slum dwelling.  He 
	jumps up and runs  into the main room  where Quist and 
	several other men are sitting around a table covered with 
	maps and plans.

				 OCCO
		It's Datos.  We've got the go 
		ahead.

	The men cheer and starts hugging and slapping each other on 
	the back.  Finally  they settle down.

				 QUIST
		Go to your organizations. (to Occo)  
		What's the code time?

				 OCCO
		Zero three thirty.

				 QUIST
		May the force of others be with you.

	The men solemnly shake hands and leave the room.

175. GOVERNOR'S OFFICE - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Captain Valor stands on a small platform before Governor
	Horus and the High Consul.  His hands are held behind his 
	back by electric bonds.

				 HORUS
		... and I'm sure the King will 
		enjoy your execution.  I only 
		regret I won't be there myself. 
		This should end the Dai Nogas 
		myth once and for all.  Take 
		him to Granicus.

	Dodona steps forward with a squad of stormtroopers and
	escorts the prisoner away.  Vader and the governor seem 
	very pleased with themselves.  Dodona looks back in disgust.

176. CONTROL CENTER - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	In the large central control room, two officers sit above 
	a row of monitors and giant readouts.

				 FIRST OFFICER
		Look!  That whole sector just 
		went dead.  We're losing contact 
		with the surface.  Use the IF 
		link and find out what's going 
		on.

177. DOCKING AREA - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Dodona halts the squad guarding Captain Valor on an 
	observation deck overlooking a starship docking port. 
	Dodona reports to the officer in charge.

				 DODONA
		Where is the ship?

				 OFFICER
		It's on its way in.  It will just 
		be a few minutes.

	Dodona returns to his squad and watches the large starship 
	slowly move into the docking area.  He glances at Valor, 
	who stands defiant, ready to meet his fate.

	Dodona continues to study Valor.  The young Dai returns his 
	gaze.  Slowly  the spacecraft locks onto the docking port 
	with a loud jolt.  The troops snap to attention  but Dodona 
	grabs two lazerswords and in one swift move  switches off 
	ValorÕs bonds and tosses him one of the lazerswords.  Valor 
	assumes a defensive stance, as the troops realize what has 
	happened and draw their swords.

				 DODONA
		This way!

	The two warriors fight their way through a side exit.  The 
	door slides closed behind them, and Dodona throws the lock, 
	trapping the troops on the observation platform.  They race 
	down the hallway and stop at an intersection.

				 DODONA
		This way!   We can get a starship 
		and be out of here before they've 
		discovered...

				 JUSTIN
		I'm not leaving without the princess.

				 DODONA
		It's impossible;  there are traps 
		everywhere.  You're mad!

	Valor just grins and runs down the passageway leading to the 
	detention area.  Dodona rushes and catches up.  An alarm 
	signal wails through the hallways.

178. JAWA STARSHIPS - SPACE

	The general leads three squads of starships toward the glowing 
	planet of Townowi.

				 SKYWALKER
		There she is.  Activate your deflection 
		 shields.

179. DETENTION AREA - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Dodona talks with the Captain of the Guard.  He gestures wildly 
	like something important had happened.  Four troops run into 
	the central detention area leading the bound princess.  The 
	captain salutes Dodona and the legionnaire, followed by the 
	four troops and Zara, leave the main area.

180. DETENTION HALLWAY - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Valor appears boldly at the end of the hallway facing Dodona 
	and the troops.

				 DODONA
		Get him!

	The troops rush for Valor, swords drawn.  They are no match 
	for the skilled Dai.  He makes short work of them,  as Dodona 
	frees the princess.  The trio then run into another hallway. 
	The princess embraces Valor.

				 DODONA
		We have only a few seconds before they 
		find us.  All of these hallways are 
		sealable.

	Valor spots a small garbage chute on the corridor wall.  He 
	goes and looks into it.

				 JUSTIN
		Is this pressurized?

				 DODONA
		They're power sealed. We'll have to 
		find another way, or some way to shut 
		the power off.

	They search the smooth-walled room for another exit.

182. GOVERNOR'S QUARTERS - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Governor Horus watches General Vader as he supervises the 
	hunt for Valor and Dodona.  They watch troops move through 
	the detention area via TV monitors.  Seekers buzz through 
	the hallways.  The general gets a report from an officer 
	on another monitor.

				 OFFICER
		We've lost contact with the surface.  
		There is a good probability of an 
		uprising.  Even the IF links are out.

				 VADER
		Use a substandard relay and put all 
		units on alert.

	The officer disappears from the monitor and is replaced with 
	the Captain of the Guard.

				 CAPTAIN
		All sections D through P-12 are clear.  
		We have reason to suspect they escaped 
		through the disposal system.  We are
		checking.  (he is interrupted by an 
		excited trooper who tells him something) 
		We've found them in Receptacle B-29. 
		You should...

	A red light flashes on one of the other monitors.

				 VADER
		Hold on.

	A controller appears on the second monitor.

				 CONTROLLER
		Starships approaching, three squads 
		of royal design, but no clearance.

				 GENERAL
		Full alert.  Battle stations...

	The general turns back to the Captain of the Guards.

				 CAPTAIN
		You should have them on your 
		screen.

	Alarms sound throughout the fortress.  Lights flash a
	warning.

182. GARBAGE RECEPTACLE - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	A floodlight switches on  revealing Dodona and Valor 
	attempting to cut open the door.  The princess stands up 
	and stares into the floodlight.  Vader's voice comes over 
	an intercom.

				 VADER
		I'm afraid I have no more time to 
		deal with you.  A senseless and 
		futile attack by your friends has 
		forced me to take a rather un-
		pleasant course of action.  Your 
		execution will have to be expedited.

	The intercom clicks off and a loud rumbling begins to shake 
	the room.  With a loud shriek, the princess points to the 
	far wall;  it has started to move toward the trio.  The 
	situation looks desperate.

183. SPACE - JAWA STARSHIPS - TOWNOWI

	Lazerfire from the space fortress creates a wall of death, 
	which the three squadron of Jawa starships miraculously 
	emerge through undamaged.  The general barks orders to the 
	Jawa craft and Boma and his squadron break off and start an 
	attack dive.  Lazerfire from BomaÕs brightly colored ship 
	hits one of the prime power terminals on the fortress sur-
	face.  It explodes, creating weird electric arcs as it goes.

	Han and the general also concentrate fire on the distinctive 
	black power terminals.  Two more are destroyed in an arcing 
	spectacle.  A chain reaction is set off, creating a series of 
	explosions leaping across the surface of the fortress from 
	power terminal to power terminal.

184. GARBAGE RECEPTACLE - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The shock of the explosion can be felt over the rumbling of 
	the trash masher.  The wall has moved within a few yards of 
	squashing Dodona, Valor and the princess.  They are still 
	frantically trying to somehow stop the relentless wall, to 
	no avail.  The lights blink off, then on again  and the 
	moving wall rumbles to a halt.  Zara breathes a sigh of 
	relief.

				 VALOR
		They must have knocked the power 
		out.

	Dodona runs over to the door  and kicks it open.  They rush 
	out of the would-be death trap.

185. SPACE - JAWA STARSHIPS - TOWNOWI

	One of the Jawa starships is caught in a crossfire and dis-
	appears in a cloud of smoke.  Another ship for some unknown 
	reason dives headlong into the surface of the fortress, 
	creating a huge explosion.

186. MAIN HALLWAY - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Captain Valor, Dodona and the princess are thrown to a hallway 
	floor by the explosion.  They get up and start down the hall-
	way again.  A voice calls out from a connecting corridor.

				 A-2
		Hey!  Over there.
		
	The trio turn and see little A-2 standing at the other end of 
	the corridor.  He waves his claw arm at them and wobbles over
	to them.

				 A-2
		The power core has exceeded the 
		normal stress quotient by point 
		eight.  The magnetic fusion pods 
		have evaporated.  There appears 
		to be an immediate danger.

				 DODONA
		There is a lifepod station at the 
		other end of this section.  Hurry.

	The group followed by A-2, make a dash for the lifepod, 
	but are knocked to the ground by another explosion which 
	rocks the hallway.  A hole is ripped in one wall, sucking 
	debris into space.  Everyone holds on to wall fixtures for 
	dear life.

187. GOVERNOR'S QUARTERS - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	Aides and officers rush through the office, as Vader tries 
	to keep things under control.  Governor Horus remains calm, 
	watching the progress of the battle.  Vader turns to the 
	governor.

				 VADER
		They've pinpointed every terminal.
		It's impossible.  What are they?  
		Where did they come from?  An 
		electromagnetic transfer has started.
		There's no stopping it.

				 GOVERNOR
		Continue the fight.

				 VADER
		We've already lost control of the 
		planet.  We must abandon ship while 
		there is still time.  Conditions are 
		much worse than...

				 GOVERNOR
		Continue the fight.  This fortress 
		is invincible.  I will not give up.

	A giant explosion sweeps through the office.

188. SPACE - JAWA STARSHIPS

	The tiny starships race the chain reaction explosions across 
	the surface of the fortress.  Lazerfire is everywhere.  One 
	of the starships skimming across the surface lags behind and 
	is caught in an explosion and disappears.

				 SKYWALKER
		Han!  Get everyone out of here. 
		The whole thing's going to go.
		Return to Gordon.  Get them out.

	Han relays the order to the Jawas, and then starships pull 
	away from the crippled fortress.

189. MAIN HALLWAY - SPACE FORTRESS - TOWNOWI

	The group has made their way past the hole in the wall and 
	are climbing into the lifepods.  Captain Valor helps the 
	princess into one, while Dodona and A-2 get into the other. 
	Warning sirens scream throughout the hallways.  Three troops 
	run toward the lifepods, firing lazerpistols.  dodona returns 
	the fire, stopping the oncoming troops.  Hatches are closed 
	and the lifepods eject into space.

190. LIFEPODS - SPACE - TOWNOWI ORBIT

	The two lifepods drift toward the calm of the planet's
	surface.  Captain Valor and the princess embrace  and he 
	kisses her tenderly.  They watch the ominous fortress grow 
	smaller and smaller as they drift away.  Suddenly, a great 
	flash replaces the fortress and rubble streaks past the 
	lifepods.  Several giant explosions follow, then there is 
	only a smoke cloud where the mighty fortress once orbited 
	Townowi.

191. THRONE ROOM - PALACE OF LITE - TOWNOWI

	Queen Zara, in all her grandeur, sits on the magnificent
	throne of Townowi.  Captain Valor and the general stand to 
	her right.  Several old advisors stand to her left.  Han 
	presents Boma and a delegation of Jawas with a treaty, 
	gifts, and a medal of honor.  They bow and exit.  Han moves 
	to one side of the crowded court.  Dodona stands next to 
	him.  They watch as the two robots, A-2 and C-3 approach 
	the Queen and bow.

				 ZARA
		Your service to Townowi is greatly 
		appreciated.  You are designated 
		class A-4, and will serve Justin 
		Valor, the new Lord Protector of 
		Townowi.  Rise!

	The robots rise and exit through the long entrance hall to 
	the throne.  The Queen turns and smiles at Valor and the 
	general.  The general and Valor salute their new Queen.

										FADE OUT

				 END CREDITS


				 
				 

					ÒTHE STAR WARSÓ

						From The

				Adventures of Luke Starkiller

						By

					George Lucas

Third Draft								Lucasfilm Limited
August 1, 1975

				"... and in the time of greatest despair,
				there shall come a savior, and he shall
				be known as The Son of The Suns."

						Journal of the Whills, 3:127

					"THE STAR WARS"

FADE IN:

1	EXT. SPACE									1  

		A vast sea of star serves as the backdrop for the MAIN
		TITLE, which is followed by a ROLL UP:

			The REPUBLIC GALACTICA is dead.  Ruthless
			trader barons, driven by greed and the 
			lust for power, have replaced enlighten-
			ment with oppression, and "rule by the
			people" with the FIRST GALACTIC EMPIRE.

			For over a thousand years, generations of
			JEDI KNIGHTS were the guardians of peace
			and justice in the galaxy.  Now these
			legendary warriors are all but extinct.
			One by one they have been hunted down and
			destroyed by the sinister agents of the
			Emperor:  the DARK LORDS OF THE SITH.

			It is a period of civil wars.  Rebel
			Armies, striking from fortresses hidden
			deep within the Great rift, have won a
			crushing victory over the powerful Imper-
			ial Starfleet.  The Emperor knows that
			one more such defeat will bring a thou-
			sand more solar systems into the rebellion,
			and Imperial control of the Outland systems
			could be lost forever.  To crush the
			rebellion once and for all, the Emperor
			has sent one of his most ferocious Dark
			Lords to find the secret rebel strongholds
			and destroy them...

		The awesome yellow planet of Utapau emerges from total
		eclipse.  A tiny silver spacecraft races into view, fol-
		lowed by a giant Imperial stardestroyer.  Hundreds of
		deadly laser bolts streak from the Imperial warship as
		it dives on the smaller craft.  The overwhelming concen-
		tration of laser fire causes the main solar fin of the 
		rebel craft to disintegrate, creating a spectacular
		heavenly display.  The smoldering rebel ship is quickly
		overtaken by the giant Imperial warship.

2	INT. REBEL SPACEFIGHTER - MAIN PASSAGEWAY			2 

		The chaos of battle echoes through the narrow, main cor-
		ridor of the starfighter.

		An explosion rocks the ship as two construction robots, 
		ARTOO DETOO (R2-D2) and SEE THREEPIO (C-3PO) struggle 
		to make their way through the shaking, bouncing passage-
		way.  Both robots are old and battered.  Artoo is a 
		short (36 inches), claw-armed, triped.  His face is a 
		mass of computer lights, surrounding a radar eye.
		Threepio, on the other hand, is a tall, slender robot 
		of human proportions.  He has a gleaming bronze-like 
		metallic surface of an "Art Deco" design. 

						THREEPIO
			Did you hear that?  They've shut down 
			the main reactor.  We'll be destroyed 
			for sure.  This is madness!

		The little dwarf robot makes a series of electronic sounds
		that only another robot could understand.  Rebel troops
		rush past the robots, and take up positions in the main
		passageway.  Everything is suddenly still and quiet.
		Tension mounts as the rebels wait for the pending attack.
		Loud metallic footsteps are heard moving around on the
		outside the hull of the ship.  The scraping screams of heavy
		equipment being dragged across the metal skin of the star-
		ship run chills up Threepio's bronze spine.  He huddles in
		a small alcove with little Artoo watching the passageway
		ceiling.

						THREEPIO
			There is no escape for the Captain
			this time...

		A tremendous blast opens up a hole six feet wide in the 
		side of the main passageway and a score of fearsome storm-
		troopers, armed with powerful multi-laser rifles, make 
		their way into the smoking corridor.  The rebel warriors
		draw their chrome, laser pistols, and blast out several
		shots that rip through the Imperial stormtroopers.  

		In a few moments, the entire passageway blazes with laser
		fire.  The deadly bolts ricochet in wild random patterns, 
		creating small explosions.  Stormtroopers scatter and duck 
		behind storage lockers.  Laser bolts hit several storm-
		troopers who scream and stagger through the smoke, holding 
		shattered arms and faces.  

		In the confusion, Artoo and Threepio are blown slipping
		and sliding into a power canister, but rushing gas from a
		broken pipe keeps knocking them over.  The lanky Threepio
		becomes entangled in the mass of dangling wires, which
		spark and pop every time he attempts to move.  Artoo clings
		to a pipe for dear life.

						THREEPIO
			Help me!  I think something is
			melting... This is all your fault!
			I should have known better than to
			trust the logic of a half-sized
			thermocapsulary dehousing-assister...

		Artoo counters with an angry rebuttal as he struggles to
		free the larger robot.  The battle rages around the two
		hapless robots.  Suddenly, there is a slight lull in the
		fighting, then a deathly quiet sweeps over the passageway
		as an awesome, seven-foot tall DARK LORD OF THE SITH makes
		his way into the blinding light of the main passageway.
		This is DARTH VADER, right hand of the Emperor.  His face
		is obscured by his flowing black robes and grotesque
		breath mask which stands out next to the fascist white
		armored suits of the Imperial stormtroopers.  Everyone
		instinctively backs away from the imposing warrior.

		Vader raises his arms and objects that aren't bolted down,
		including the rebel warriors, are picked up by an invisi-
		ble force and hurled to the end of the passageway.  In
		the excitement, Artoo and Threepio have fled down a
		sub-hallway.

3	EXT. UTAPAU - DESERT WASTELAND - DAY				3

		A death white wasteland stretches from horizon to hori-
		zon.  The tremendous heat of two huge twin suns settles
		on a lone figure, LUKE STARKILLER, a farm-boy with
		heroic aspirations; who looks much younger than his
		twenty years.  His short hair and baggy tunic give him
		the air of a simple-minded, but lovable lout with a
		prize-winning smile.  His face is partially covered by
		a breath mask and goggles.

		A light wind whips at him as he adjusts several valves
		on a large chrome pipe, which sticks out of the desert
		floor much like and oil-rig christmas tree.  He is aided
		by a small, very beat-up tread-robot with six claw arms.
		The little robot appears to be barely functioning, and
		moves with jerky motions.  A bright sparkle in the morn-
		ing sky catches Luke's eye, and he instinctively grabs a
		pair of electrobinoculars from his utility belt.

						LUKE
			Holy maker.

		He stands transfixed for a few moments, studying the
		heavens, then dashes toward his dented, crudely repaired
		Landspeeder (an auto-like transport that travels a few 
		feet above the ground on a magnetic field).

		He motions to the tiny robot, who is scooting around in
		a tight circle, to follow him.

						LUKE
			Hurry up!  Come with me.

		The robot stops short and smoke begins to pour out of 
		every joint.  Luke throws up his arms in disgust.

						LUKE
			Great, just great!

		He gives the dwarf robot a swift kick in the side, which
		doesn't seem to make much difference.  The young farm boy
		rushes to his landspeeder and zooms off leaving the
		smoldering robot to hum madly.

4	INT. REBEL SPACEFIGHTER - SUB-HALLWAY				4

		A series of explosions echo throughout the ship as the
		tall, gleaming Threepio rushes through the narrow sub-
		hallway yelling at Artoo, who is racing along on a small
		set of wheels under his center foot.

						THREEPIO
			They're heading in this direction!
			We'll be sent to the spice mines of
			KESSEL or smashed into who-knows-
			what!

		Artoo stops before the small hatch of an emergency life-
		pod.  He snaps the seal on the main latch and a red
		warning light begins to flash.  The stubby, dwarf-robot
		works his way into the cramped four-man pod.

						THREEPIO
			Hey!  You're not permitted in there.
			It's restricted.  You'll be
			deactivated for sure.  Now come out
			before someone sees you.  Come on!

		Artoo whistles something at his reluctant friend.

						THREEPIO
			I'm not getting in there.  No more
			adventures.  It's too dangerous.  I'm
			not that desperate.

		Artoo isn't happy with Threepio's stubbornness and he beeps
		and twangs angrily.

						THREEPIO
			Don't call me a mindless philosopher,
			you overweight glob of grease...

		A new explosion, this time very close, sends dust and
		debris through the narrow sub-hallway.  Flames lick at
		Threepio, and after a flurry of electronic swearing from
		Artoo, the lanky robot jumps into the lifepod.

						THREEPIO
			I'm going to regret this.

		The safety door snaps shut, and with the thunder of ex-
		ploding latches, the tiny lifepod ejects from the dis-
		abled starfighter.

5	INT. IMPERIAL STARDESTROYER - COCKPIT				5

		On the main viewscreen, the lifepod carrying the two ter-
		rified robots speeds away from the stricken rebel space-
		craft.

						CHIEF PILOT
			There goes another one.

						CAPTAIN
			Hold you fire.  No life forms.
			It must have short-circuited.  Don't
			waste your power...

6	INT. REBEL SPACEFIGHTER - COCKPIT CORRIDOR			6

		Darth Vader, the black knight, takes a short restraining
		pole from one of the guards and brutally jabs a captured
		rebel officer in the chest.

						VADER
			Where is she?  Where is it?

		The rebel cries out as the spooky looking Sith Lord be-
		gins to twist his arm, creating a gruesome snapping and
		popping of broken bones.

7	EXT. SKY OVER UTAPAU - LIFEPOD					7

		The reddish-yellow mass of Utapau seems to engulf the
		tiny lifepod containing the two robots.  The grouping
		of starships grows smaller as the pod descends toward
		the planet.

						THREEPIO
			That's funny.  the damage doesn't
			look as bad from out here.  Are you
			sure this thing is safe?

8	EXT. ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAY		8

		A small settlement, consisting of a few rundown block-
		house type buildings, rests against one of the huge rock
		mesas.  Heat waves radiate from the dozen or so bleached
		white buildings.  Luke pilots his landspeeder through
		the dusty, empty street of the tiny settlement.  An old
		WOMAN runs to get out of the way of the speeding vehicle,
		shaking her fist at Luke as he flies past.

						WOMAN
			I've told you kids to slow down!

		Luke pulls up behind a low concrete service station that
		is all but covered by the shifting desert sands.  The
		rusted hulk of a landspeeder lies half-buried to one side
		of the building.  Luke jumps out of the speeder and runs
		into the dilapidated power station.

9	INT. POWER STATION - DAY						9

		A dismantled speeder rests in the repair bay of the sta-
		tion.  Inside the station's "office" sits THE FIXER,
		rugged-looking, about thirty years old, with a big mous-
		tache.  On his lap sits CAMIE, a sexy, disheveled girl
		about eighteen.  Her cloak is pulled up and one of the
		Chief's hands rests on her beautiful thigh.  They are
		both sound asleep.  In a small room behind the office
		DEAK and WINDY, two tough boys about the same age as
		Luke, are playing a computer pool-like game with BIGGS,
		a tall, handsome startrooper cadet.  His flashy uniform
		is a sharp contrast to the loose-fitting tunic of farm
		boys.  A robot repairs some equipment in the background.

		Luke bounces in yelling excitedly, waking The Fixer and
		Camie.  The others come in from the other room, and
		Camie jumps off The Fixer's lap, pulling her dress down
		in a sexy manner.  Luke is surprised at the appearance
		of Biggs.

						LUKE
			Biggs, you're back!  You graduated
			from the academy, you're in the
			Starforce.

		Biggs has an air of cool that seems slightly phony.

						BIGGS
			Of course, where you been kid?

						LUKE
			You look great!  The uniform and
			everything!

		Biggs snaps to attention.

						BIGGS
			Startrooper Biggs Darklighter,
			guardian of the Bendu.  At your
			service...

		The dazzling spectacle of his uniformed friend is almost
		too much for Luke.  His eyes glaze over.  Suddenly he
		snaps out of it.

						LUKE
			I almost forgot.  There's a battle
			going on!  Right here in our system.
			Come and look!

10	EXT. ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAY	10

		The group stumbles out into the stifling desert sun.
		Deak and The Fixer complain, and are forced to shade
		their eyes.  Luke has his binoculars out, scanning the
		heavens.

						LUKE
			There they are!

		Biggs takes the binoculars from Luke, as the others
		strain to see something with the naked eye.  Through
		the binoculars Biggs sees two small silver specks.

						BIGGS
			That's no battle, kid... They're just
			sitting there!

						LUKE
			But there was a lot of firing earlier...

		Camie grabs the binoculars away from Biggs, banging them
		against the building in the process.  Luke reaches for
		them.

						LUKE
			Hey, easy with those...

						CAMIE
			Don't worry about it, Wormie.

		Fixer gives Luke a hard look, and the young farm boy
		shrugs his shoulders in resignation.

						BIGGS
			You're dreaming, kid.  I don't think
			the Empire wants to control this
			system.  Believe me, this place is
			a big hunk of nothing...

		Luke agrees, although it's obvious he isn't sure why.
		The group stumbles back into the power station, grumb-
		ling about Luke's ineptitude,

11	INT. REBEL SPACEFIGHTER - NARROW SUB-HALLWAY		11

		A beautiful young girl about sixteen years old huddles
		in a small alcove as the stormtroopers search through
		the ship.  She is LEIA ORGANA, a rebel princess.  The
		fear in her eyes slowly gives way to anger as the muted
		crushing sounds of the approaching stormtroopers grows
		louder.  She steps from her hiding place and blasts two
		troopers with her laser pistol, but she is greatly out-
		numbered and quickly captured.

12-13	INT. REBEL SPACEFIGHTER - HALLWAY - CABIN			12-13

		Princess Leia is led down a low-ceilinged hallway by a
		squad of armored stormtroopers.  Her hands are bound
		with brass bracelets, and she is brutally shoved when
		she is unable to keep up with the briskly marching
		troops.  They enter a small gloomy chamber where Darth
		Vader, the Dark Lord of the Sith, is sitting.  Vader
		speaks in an oddly filtered voice through his complex
		breathing mask.

						VADER
			Did you find anything?

						OFFICER
			Nothing, sir.

						VADER
			It must be on board somewhere.  Destroy
			the ship and everything on it.

						OFFICER
			What if they sent a signal?

						VADER
			We would have picked it up... Nothing
			got through... It's on the ship.

		The Officer bows and leaves the chamber.

						LEIA
			I'm a member of the senate.  You can't
			hold me... Organa Major is a neutral...

		Vader raises his arm and as a sudden pain grips Leia,
		she doubles up unable to continue.  Vader raises his arm
		and a flask on the table mysteriously jumps into his
		open hand.  He casually drinks from the flask.

						VADER
			Enough!  I already know about the
			data you've intercepted, but its'
			too late.  Whatever information you've
			gathered will be destroyed... You will
			come to know such suffering as only
			the Master of the Bogan Force can
			provide...

						LEIA
			You'll get no information from me.
			You have no authority... the council
			can't hold me!

						VADER
			It appears your ship had an accident.
			I will see to it that your death is
			duely reported.  There will be no one
			to save you this time.

		His frightening laugh rings throughout the ship.

14	EXT. UTAPAU - EDGE OF THE DUNE SEA				14

		JUNDLAND, or "No Man's Land," where the rugged desert
		mesas meet the foreboding dune sea.  The two helpless
		astro-robots kick up clouds of dust as they leave the
		lifepod and clumsily work their way across the desert
		coastline.

						THREEPIO
			What a forsaken place this is.
			We seem to be made to suffer.  It's
			our lot in life.  I've got to rest
			before I fall apart.  My joints are
			almost frozen.

		Suddenly Artoo makes a sharp right turn and starts off
		in the direction of the rocky desert mesas.  Threepio
		stops and yells at him.

						THREEPIO
			Where do you think you're going?!?

		A stream of electronic noises pour forth from the small
		robot.

						THREEPIO
			Well, I'm not going that way.  It's
			too rocky.  This way is much easier.
			What makes you think there are
			settlements that way?

		Artoo counters with a long whistle.

						THREEPIO
			Don't get technical with me.  I've
			had just about enough of you.  Go
			that way, go on!  You'll be
			malfunctioning within a day, you
			near-sighted scrap pile!

		He shoves Artoo and the tiny robot tumbles down a small
		dune.  Threepio starts off in the direction of the vast
		dune sea as little Artoo struggles to his feet and shakes
		a metallic claw at his ex-partner.

						THREEPIO
			... and don't let me catch you
			following me, begging for help...
			because you won't get it!

		Artoo's reply is a rather rude sound.  He turns and
		trudges off in the direction of the towering mesas.

15	EXT. UTAPAU - DUNE SEA							15

		Threepio, hot tired, struggles up over the ridge of
		a dune, only to find more dunes, which seems to go on
		for endless miles.  He looks back in the direction of
		the now distant rock mesas.
	
						THREEPIO
			You little malfunctioning twerp.
			This is all your fault.  You tricked
			me into going this way, but you'll do
			no better.

		He sits in a huff of anger and frustration, knocking the
		sand from his joints.  His plight seems hopeless, when
		a glint of reflected light in the distance reveals an
		object moving toward him.  The bronze android waves
		frantically and yells at the approaching transport.

16	INT. POWER STATION - DAY						16

		Luke and Biggs are sitting in a corner of the now empty
		power station.  Biggs has had a little too much to drink
		and sloppily leans close to Luke.

						BIGGS
			I'll tell you, Luke, and this is
			between you and me.  The star force
			isn't all it's cracked up to be.
			Frankly, it's a bore, and it's going
			to stay that way as long as this
			system is neutral...

						LUKE
			But you always said things were so
			great at the academy... What happened?

						BIGGS
			The academy is fantastic... Of course,
			they won't teach you anything about
			flying you don't already know.  Most
			of the instructors are very conservative
			pilots.  You can fly circles around 
			them... but there is a lot on the
			scientific side that is down-right
			amazing, and you get a lot of
			discipline... but after you graduate,
			don't join the star force -- go
			free-lance.  It's the only way to get
			into the action... I can't wait until 
			my hitch is up.

						LUKE
			At least you're doing something... I'd
			give anything to be in your position.

						BIGGS
			Just be warned, that things aren't
			always as they seem... especially the
			starforce recruiting posters.

		They quietly sit in the dim coolness of the station hav-
		ing run out of things to say.  Luke finishes his drink
		and stands up.

						LUKE
			It's getting late.  I've got to get
			back or my uncle's going to kill me.

17	EXT. UTAPAU - ROCK CANYON						17

		The gargantuan rock formations are shrouded in a strange
		foreboding mist, and the ominous sounds of unearthly
		creatures fill the air.  Artoo moves cautiously through
		the creepy rock canyon, inadvertently making a loud
		clicking noise as he goes.  He hears a distant, hard
		metallic sound and stops for a moment.  Convinced he is
		alone, he continues on his way.

		In the distance, a pebble tumbles down the steep canyon
		wall and a small, dark figure darts into the shadows.  A
		little further up the canyon a slight flicker of light
		reveals a pair of eyes in the dark recesses, only a few
		feet from the narrow path.

		The unsuspecting robot waddles along the rugged trail 
		until suddenly, out of nowhere, a powerful magnetic ray 
		shoots out of the rocks and engulfs him in an eerie glow.  
		He manages one short electronic squeak before he topples 
		over onto his back.  His bright computer lights flicker 
		off, then on, then off again.  Out of the rocks scurry 
		three MEN, no taller than Artoo.  They holster strange 
		and complex weapons as they cautiously approach the 
		robot.  They wear grubby cloaks, and their faces are 
		shrouded so that only their yellow eyes can be seen.
		They hiss and make odd guttural sounds as they heave the 
		heavy robot to their shoulders and carry him off down the 
		trail. 

18	EXT. UTAPAU - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSET	18

		The eight dwarves, or JAWAS as they're sometimes called,
		carry Artoo out of the canyon to a huge tank-like vehicle 
		the size of a two-story house.  They place the robot under 
		a large tube on the side of the vehicle, and the little 
		robot is sucked into the giant machine.  

		The filthy little Jawas scurry like rats up small lad-
		ders and enter the main cabin of the behemoth transport.

19	INT. SAND CRAWLER - HOLD AREA					19

		It is dim inside the hold area of the sand crawler.
		Artoo switches on a small floodlight on his forehead and
		stumbles around the scrap heap.  The narrow beam swings
		across rusty metal rocket parts and an array of gro-
		tesquely twisted and maimed astro-robots.  He lets out a 
		pathetic electronic whimper and stumbles off toward what
		appears to be a door at the end of the chamber.

20	INT. SAND CRAWLER - PRISON AREA					20

		Artoo enters a wide room with a four-foot ceiling.  In
		the middle of the scrap heap sit a dozen or so robots
		of various shapes and sizes.  Some are engaged in elec-
		tronic conversation, while others simply mill about.
		A voice of recognition calls out from the gloom.

						THREEPIO
			Artoo Detoo!  It's you!

		A battered Threepio scrambles up to Artoo and embraces
		him.

21	EXT. UTAPAU - ROCK CANYON - SAND CRAWLER - SUNSET	21

		The enormous sand crawler lumbers off toward the mag-
		nificent twin suns, which are slowly setting over a
		distant mountain ridge.

22-23	INT. ALDERAAN - PRISON CORRIDOR AND CELL			22-23

		Two stormtroopers open an electronic cell door and allow
		a group of Imperial guards to enter.  Princess Leia's
		face is filled with defiance, which slowly gives way to
		fear as Darth Vader enters with a giant black torture
		robot.

						VADER
			Now you will tell me what you did
			with the data you gathered. Even
			if that information should find its
			way to Mouff Tarkin's legions, it
			will do them no good.  Your plight
			is truly hopeless.

		Leia stares at the evil lord with determination.

						VADER
					(continuing)
			You will tell me the location of
			your hidden bases, and you will tell
			me what happened to the data you stole.

		The door slides shut.  The long cell block hallway
		appears peaceful with armored stormtroopers marching
		back and forth.  The muffled sounds of the princess'
		screaming are barely heard.

24	EXT. SAND CRAWLER - DESERT WASTELAND - DAY			24

		A harsh gale blows across the bleak gray surface of the
		endless desert wasteland.  The morning sky presses down
		on the huge sand crawler as it slowly climbs one of the
		massive sand dunes, then disappears down the other side.

25	INT. SAND CRAWLER - PRISON AREA					25

		Threepio and Artoo noisily bounce along inside the
		cramped prison chamber.  Artoo appears to be shut off.

						THREEPIO
			Will this never end?

		Suddenly the trembling and bouncing of the sand crawler
		stops, creating quite a commotion among the mechanical
		men.  Threepio shakes Artoo, and his computer lights
		pop on.

						THREEPIO
			Wake up!  Wake up!  We've stopped!!
			We're doomed!  This is the end... Do
			you think they'll melt us down?

		At the far end of the long chamber a hatch opens, filling
		the chamber with blinding white light.  A dozen or so
		Jawas make their way through the odd assortment of
		robots, placing a small chrome ring to the wrists of the
		ones they select.  Artoo and Threepio are among the
		chosen, and are herded outside with several other
		unfortunates.

26	EXT. UTAPAU - LAR'S HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOON			26

		Five battered robots, including Artoo and Threepio, are
		lined up in front of the enormous sand crawler, which
		is parked beside a small homestead consisting of three
		rundown block houses.

		The Jawas scurry around fussing over the robots,
		straightening them up, or brushing some dust from a
		dented metallic elbow.  The shrouded little creatures
		smell horribly, attracting small insects to the dark
		areas where their mouths and nostrils should be.

		Out of the shadows of a dingy side-building limps OWEN
		LARS, a large burly man in his mid-fifties.  His reddish
		eyes are sunken in a dust-covered face.  As the weather-
		beaten farmer carefully inspects each of the robots, he
		is closely followed by his slump-shouldered nephew, Luke
		Starkiller.  One of the vile little Jawas walks ahead
		of the farmer spouting an animated sales pitch in a
		queer unintelligible language.

		Owen picks out a small astro-robot similar to Artoo, and
		it waddles along behind the group.  The limping farmer
		stops in front of Threepio and studies him carefully.

						OWEN
			Do you speak 'Bocce'?

						THREEPIO
			Yes, sir, I'm See Threepio, Human-
			Cyborg relations.  I have a full T-6
			capacity, and...

						OWEN
			That's enough.  Luke, take them to
			the garage and I want you to have
			both of them cleaned up by dinner.

		As the Jawas start to lead the three remaining robots
		back into the sand crawler, Artoo lets out a pathetic
		little beep and starts after his old friend Threepio,
		but is restrained by a slimy little Jawa, who zaps him
		with a little control box.  Owen is negotiating with the
		head Jawa, when Luke notices something on the R-2 unit.

						LUKE
			Uncle Owen, this R-2 unit has a bad 
			motivator, look!

		He lifts the R-2 unit's claw arm and it drops lifelessly
		to the robot's side.  Owen argues with the Jawas for a
		few moments; then with a little reluctance the scruffy
		dwarf trades the damaged astro-robot for Artoo Detoo.
		Owen pays off the whining Jawa as Luke and the two
		robots trudge off toward a grimy and decaying building
		on the far side of the homestead.  Several large rodents
		scatter as they pass.

27	INT. LAR'S HOMESTEAD - GARAGE AREA - LATE AFTERNOON	27

		The garage is cluttered and worn, but a friendly, peace-
		ful atmosphere permeates the low gray chamber.  In the
		center of the room Threepio lowers himself into a large
		tub filled with warm oil.  Near the battered "land-
		speeder" little Artoo rests on a large battery with a
		cord attached to his face.

						THREEPIO
			Thanks the maker!  This is going to
			feel sooo good.  I've got such a bad
			case of dust contamination, I can
			barely move.

		Artoo beeps a muffled reply.  Luke is slouched in the
		corner with his feet up on a bench, watching a magazine
		sized TV set.  A woman's voice calls out from the other
		room.

						BERU
			Luke!

		Luke jumps to his feet, turns off the TV set and starts
		dusting little Artoo with an oily rag.

						LUKE
			Yes, Aunt Beru... I'm in here.

						BERU
			Come to dinner.

		Luke drops the rag and dashes out of the garage.

28	INT. LAR'S HOMESTEAD - LIVING AREA - LATE AFTERNOON	28

		Luke and his uncle Owen sit before a table covered with
		steaming bowls of food.  AUNT BERU, a plump, gray-
		haired matron, carries in a pitcher of blue milk.  Luke
		is in a good mood, and gobbles down his food.

						LUKE
			Well, I'm sure glad we finally
			bought those extra 'droids.'  I'm
			sending my application to the
			academy first thing in the morning.

		Luke's Uncle Owen has a scowl on his face and appears
		to be in a very grumpy mood.

						OWEN
			First thing tomorrow morning you're
			going to check those condensing units
			on the south ridge.

						LUKE
			I will, but I'll have enough time 
			to transmit my application first.

						OWEN
			You'll check the condensing unit
			first... and you're not going to bed
			until those 'droids' are completely
			cleaned up...

						LUKE
			But you promised!  I've saved enough
			money and now you have the extra help
			... you promised!

						OWEN
			I said we'd see.
					(pauses for a
					moment)
			And as it is, I was forced to borrow 
			your academy savings to buy the new
			'droids.'  When you've saved it up
			again, I'll let you go.

						LUKE
			You used my savings!  You stole my
			savings.  If my father were here...

						OWEN
			Your father's dead.  Don't ever forget
			who's taking care of you, giving you
			food, giving you shelter, and giving
			you the allowance in the first place.
			If you plan to work at the academy the
			way you work around here, you won't
			last very long.  I don't want another
			word.  Finish your dinner, then finish
			cleaning those 'droids.'

		Luke pushes his half-eaten plate of food aside and rushes 
		out of the room.  Owen mechanically finishes his dinner
		afraid to look at his quietly sympathetic wife.

						BERU
			Owen, you know it means so much to
			him.  Couldn't you have been a little
			easier with him?

						OWEN
			The academy won't treat him any
			differently.  If he's going to
			become a cadet, he'll have to get used
			to it.

29	EXT. UTAPAU - LAR'S HOMESTEAD - GARAGE AREA - DUSK	29

		The giant twin suns of Utapau slowly disappear behind
		a distant dune range.  Luke stands watching them for a
		few moments, then reluctantly enters the dimly lit
		garage.

30	INT. LAR'S HOMESTEAD - GARAGE AREA - DUSK			30

		Threepio is wiping the oil from his glistening bronze
		body and little Artoo is still plugged into the power
		unit.  Luke is very angry and slams a wrench across the
		workbench.

						LUKE
			It just isn't fair!

		Threepio timidly approaches the fuming youth.

						THREEPIO
			I beg your pardon, sir, but you appear
			to be quite distraught.  Is there
			anything I might do to help?

		Luke glances at the battered robot and a bit of his anger
		drains and a tiny smile creeps across his face.

						LUKE
			Not unless you could get me into the
			military academy at Anchorhead.

						THREEPIO
			I'm sorry, sir, I'm only a 'droid,'
			and not very knowledgeable of such
			things... not on this system anyway.
			As a matter of fact, I'm not even 
			sure which system we're on.

						LUKE
			That's all right.  There is nothing
			anyone can do about it.  You can 
			call me Luke.

						THREEPIO
			Thank you, sir.  I'm See Threepio,
			Human Cyborg relations, and this is
			my counterpart, Artoo Detoo.

		Luke unplugs Artoo and begins to scrape several connectors
		on the robot's head with a chrome pick.  Threepio con-
		tinues to dry himself.

						LUKE
			There's a lot of carbon scoring here.
			It looks like you boys have seen a
			lot of action...

						THREEPIO
			Indeed, sir, sometimes I'm amazed
			we're in as good shape as we are,
			what with the rebellion and all...

		Luke sparks to life at the mention of rebellion.

						LUKE
			You've been in the Counter Wars?...
			Against the Empire?

						THREEPIO
			That's how we came to be in your 
			service, if you take my meaning...

						LUKE
			Tell me where you've been.  I am
			going to become a startrooper and
			fight in the wars.  My father was a
			Jedi!  Were you in many battles?

						THREEPIO
			Several, I think.  There is not much 
			to tell.  I'm not much more than an
			interpreter, and not very good at
			telling stories, not at making them
			interesting anyway...

		Luke struggles to remove a small metal fragment from
		Artoo's neck joint.  He uses a larger pick.

						LUKE
			Well, my little friend, you've got
			something jammed in here real good...
			Were you on a star-cruiser or a...

		The fragment breaks loose with a snap, sending Luke tumb-
		ling head over heels.  He sits up and sees a small (15
		inch) 3-D hologram of Leia Organa, the rebel princess,
		being projected from the face of little Artoo.  The image
		is a rainbow of colors as it flickers and jiggles in the
		dimly lit garage.  Luke's mouth hangs open in awe.

						LEIA
			Whoever finds this message, I beg you
			see this R-2 unit delivered safely to
			the authorities on Organa Major.
			It is of the most vital importance
			to all free systems.  I guarantee in
			the name of the United Assembly that
			you will be richly rewarded for your
			efforts... My Commanders, use fix
			Arra Code... X loc tan too nine, I am
			lost.  The Sith Lord will surely take
			me to Alderaan.  You must continue
			alone...

		There is a little static, then the transmission is cut
		short.  A grave concern sweeps over Luke, and he runs
		out of the garage.

						LUKE
			Uncle Owen!  Aunt Beru!

31	INT. LAR'S HOMESTEAD - KITCHEN AREA - NIGHT		31

		Now that night has fallen, the interior of the home-
		stead is filled with a warm glow.  Luke rushes in as
		his Aunt Beru is putting the last of the dinner plates
		away.

						LUKE
			Aunt Beru!

						BERU
			What is is, dear?

		Luke is out of breath and takes a few moments to compose
		himself.  A realization crosses his mind and he suddenly
		seems much calmer.

						LUKE
			Ahh... I... I'm finished with the
			droids and I wondered if I could...
			ahhh... work on my speeder before I
			turn in...

						BERU
			I'm sure that would be all right.
			But not too late, dear.

		Luke gives his aunt a big hug.  He seems suddenly very
		sentimental and serious.

						LUKE
			I love you, Aunt Beru.  I really do.

		He gives her a little kiss on the cheek and leaves.

						BERU
					(to herself)
			Now what's gotten into that boy?

32	EXT. UTAPAU - LAR'S HOMESTEAD - COURTYARD - MORNING	32

		Morning slowly creeps into the sparse, but sparkling
		oasis of the open courtyard.  The idyll is broken by the
		yelling of Uncle Owen, his voice echoing throughout the
		building.

						OWEN
			Luke!  Luke!  Where could he be
			loafing now?

		Owen enters the courtyard in a huff, scattering the large
		gopher-like rodents.  He opens the garage and notices the
		battered old landspeeder id missing.

						OWEN
			Beru!  Come here!

33	INT. LAR'S HOMESTEAD - GARAGE AREA - MORNING		33

		Owen enters the garage and looks around.  He picks up
		a magazine-like video slate sitting propped up on the
		bench.  It generates a soft glow, as if it had been left
		on "hold."  Beru hurries into the garage.

						BERU
			What is it?

		As Owen picks up the video-slate, it turns itself on and
		Luke's image appears.

						LUKE
			Aunt Beru, Uncle Owen, I don't mean
			to hurt you and I know you've been
			good to me, but I'm leaving.  There
			are important things I must do.  I've
			taken my speeder and the 'droids' which
			you bought with my savings.  I've also
			taken my father's lightsaber.  You can
			keep everything else.  I am grateful
			for all you've done.  I'll miss you,
			Aunt Beru.  I love you both...

		The image fades and the old couple stare at one another.
		Beru's face is filled with a great loos.  Finally she
		turns and leaves the garage, and Owen in disbelief.

						OWEN
			That boy is going to get himself
			killed... He's just like his father.

34	INT. LUKE'S SPEEDER - DESERT WASTELAND (TRAVELING) - DAY 34

		The rock and sand of the desert floor are a blur as
		Threepio pilots the sleek landspeeder gracefully across
		the vast wasteland.  Luke rides precariously on the back
		trunk of the vehicle adjusting something in the motor
		compartment.

						LUKE
					(yelling)
			How's that?

		Threepio signals that it is fine, and Luke climbs back
		into the wind-whipped cockpit and slides the canopy shut.

						LUKE
			I've never been this far beyond the
			dune sea before.  Biggs said the wild
			things out here were weird and savage,
			but it doesn't look like there is much
			out here to me.  I think we should
			be there soon.  General Kenobi was my
			father's commander, and he is probably
			the greatest of all the Jedi knights...
			or at least my father thought so.  He
			will certainly know what to do.

35	EXT. UTAPAU - ROCK MESA - DUNE SEA - COASTLINE - DAY	35

		From high on a rock mesa, the tiny landspeeder can be 
		seen gliding across the desert floor.  Suddenly in the 
		foreground two weather-beaten Tusken Raiders, shrouded in 
		their grimy desert cloaks, peer over the edge of the 
		rock mesa.  One of the marginally human creatures raises 
		a long ominous laser-rifle, and points it at the speeder,
		but the second creature grabs the gun before it can be 
		fired.

		The Tusken Raiders speak in a coarse barbaric language 
		as they begin to get into an animated argument.

		The second Tusken seems to get in the final word and 
		the nomads scurry over the rocky terrain to where two
		large BANTHAS are standing tied to a rock.  The mon-
		sterous bear-like creatures are as large as elephants,
		with huge red eyes, tremendous looped horns, and long
		furry dinosaur-like tails.  The raiders mount saddles
		strapped to the huge creature's shaggy backs and ride
		off down the rugged bluff.

36	EXT. UTAPAU - SAND DUNE - DAY					36

		The battered landspeeder is parked on the top of a huge
		sand dune.  Luke, with his long-barreled laser-rifle
		slung over his shoulder, makes his way past the bleached
		bones of a dinosaur-like beast.  When he reaches the top
		of the ridge, he searches the landscape with his electro-
		binoculars.  Threepio lifts Artoo out of the speeder and
		the stubby little robot struts around stretching his
		joints between irritated whistles.  Luke is depressed as
		he returns to the speeder.

						LUKE
			According to my father's tapes, this
			is the spot where General Kenobi lives,
			but the instruments just don't match 
			up with the landscape... There is no
			doubt about it, we're lost...

						THREEPIO
			If you don't mind my saying so, sir,
			I don't see how anyone could live in
			this forsaken place.

						LUKE
			Well, I don't know what to do now.
			We'll just have to head inland and
			see if we can't find a settlement.

37	INT. LUKE'S LANDSPEEDER - ROCK CANYON FLOOR (TRAVELING)   37
		- DAY

		Threepio maneuvers the powerful landspeeder around
		several massive boulders in the narrow canyon, as Luke
		intently studies the pulsing radar scope.

						LUKE
			Something is definitely in the next
			canyon.  There are two or three of
			them, maybe more.
			I don't like the looks of it.  It
			could be Tusken Raiders or...
			anything.  You'd better stop and I'll
			try to get a look at them.

38	EXT. UTAPAU - CANYON RIDGE - DAY					38

		Luke carefully makes his way to the top of a rocky ridge
		and scans the canyon with his electrobinoculars, until
		he spots the two riderless Banthas.  Threepio struggles
		up behind the young adventurer.

						LUKE
			I think we'd better go another way.  
			There are two Banthas down there.
			I don't see any... wait a minute.
			They're Tusken Raiders all right!
			I see one of them...

		Luke watches the distant Tusken Raider through his elec-
		trobinoculars.  Suddenly something huge moves in front 
		of his field of view.  Before Luke or Threepio can 
		react, a large gruesome Tusken Raider looms over them.
		Threepio is startled and backs away, right off the side 
		of the cliff.  He can be heard for several moments as he 
		clangs, bangs and rattles down the side of the mountain.

		The towering creature brings down his glowing red laser-
		sword, but Luke manages to block the blow with his 
		laser-rifle, which is neatly cut in half.  The terrified 
		farm boy scrambles backward until he is able to ignite
		his own laser-sword and defend himself.  In a flurry of
		blows Luke is forced to the edge of a deep crevice.  Luke
		stumbles under the mighty blows of the fearsome creature,
		drops his sword and almost tumbles over the cliff to his
		death.  He hangs on for dear life as his feet dangle 
		over the abyss.  The sinister Raider stands over him and
		lets out a horrible shrieking laugh that echoes 
		throughout the canyon.

39	EXT. UTAPAU - ROCK CANYON FLOOR - DAY				39

		Artoo forces himself into the shadows of a small alcove 
		in the rocks as the vicious Tuskens walk past carrying 
		armloads of supplies from the battered landspeeder.  As
		they disappear, Artoo squirms out of his hiding place
		and waddles into the clearing where the speeder is
		parked.

		The vehicle has been ransacked, and Luke is hanging in
		a state of bewilderment about ten feet in the air.
		Large gold bracelets with small antenna are attached
		to his wrists and ankles.  He is spread-eagle and
		slowly rotating.  Artoo stands above his master and
		beeps a few words of astonishment.

						LUKE
			Well, don't just sit there.  Get
			something to get me down!

		Artoo starts searching for something in the speeder that
		he might use to get his master down.  He pulls a long
		length of wire out of the engine compartment and ties it
		into a lasso.  As Luke slowly rotates around, Artoo 
		swings the rope and catches the boy around the foot.
		The line goes taut but rather than pulling Luke down,
		little Artoo is pulled up as if he had roped a windmill.
		The stubby robot lets out an electronic shriek and drops
		to the ground with a crash.

						LUKE
			We'll have to short circuit these
			things somehow...

		At that moment footsteps are heard coming through the
		narrow canyon.  Artoo scampers back into his hiding place.
		Luke's face is a roadmap of agony as the footsteps get
		louder.

		A huge menacing shadow on the canyon wall gives way to a
		shabby old desert rat of a man, who appears to be at
		least seventy years old.  His ancient leathery face, 
		cracked and weathered by exotic climates, is set off by 
		dark, penetrating eyes, and a scraggly white beard.  BEN
		KENOBI squints his eyes as he scrutinizes Luke in his
		predicament.

						BEN
			Good morning!

						LUKE
			What do you mean, 'good morning'?
			Do you mean that it is a good morning
			for you, or do you wish me a good
			morning, although it is obvious I'm
			not having one, or do you find that
			mornings in general are good?

						BEN
			All of them altogether.
			You seem to have gotten yourself
			into a fine mess!  What happened?

		The wizened old man begins to giggle like a child,
		putting his frail hand to his mouth in a vain attempt
		to contain himself.  Luke becomes annoyed.

						LUKE
			Tusken Raiders caught me off guard...
			Well, kill me or cut me down, but
			don't just leave me here, 'cause
			I'm about to go out off my mind.

		Much to Luke's surprise, the old codger draws his laser-
		pistol and blasts Luke point blank.  The young farmer
		disappears in a cloud of smoke and drops to the ground.
		The old man leans over the boy as he rolls over with a
		loud groan.

						BEN
			Sorry, but that was the only way to
			get you down.

						LUKE
			Couldn't we have tried to think of
			something else first!

						BEN
			You're lucky those Tuskens didn't
			boil you before they hung you out to
			dry.  They're not the friendly sort.
			You'd best be moving on before they
			come back.

		Luke staggers to his feet as Artoo waddles up behind him
		and lets out a pathetic little beep.

						LUKE
			Threepio!

		Luke hobbles off toward the canyon bluff.

40	EXT. UTAPAU - GRAVEL PIT- ROCK MESA - DAY			40

		Little Artoo stops at the edge of a large gravel pit
		and begins to chatter away in electronic whistles and
		beeps.  Luke slides down to where a very dented and
		tangled Threepio lies half buried in the gravel.

		He tries to revive the inert robot by shaking him, and
		then flips a hidden switch on his back several times
		until finally the mechanical man's systems turn on.

						THREEPIO
			What happened?  I'm sorry, sir, I
			must have taken a bad step...

						LUKE
			Can you stand?  We've got to get out
			of here before those Tuskens come
			back.

						THREEPIO
			I can't make it.  You go on, master
			Luke.  It doesn't make sense for you
			to risk yourself on my account.  I'm
			done for.

						LUKE
			No, you're not.  What kind of talk
			is that...

		The young farmer helps the battered robot to his feet.
		Old Ben and little Artoo watch from the top of the pit.

41	EXT. UTAPAU - ROCK CANYON FLOOR - DAY				41

		Luke and Old Ben struggle to help Threepio into the
		low-slung speeder.  Artoo follows them, carrying a
		clawful of tiny parts which have dropped of his friend.

						BEN
			What brings a young boy like you way
			out here?

		Luke bristles at the use of "boy."

						LUKE
			I'm Luke Starkiller, guardian of the
			Bendu.

						BEN
			Oh, so you're a warrior then?

						LUKE
			Of course.  I'm a Bendu officer.

		Ben studies the young farmer through narrowed eyes.  He
		suppresses a smile.

						LUKE
			Did you take me for a trapper of a
			farmer?  Good!  Then my disguise is
			all right.  I was afraid I might not
			look authentic.

		Luke notices the old man is impressed with his story,
		and begins to feel expansive.

						LUKE
			You can never be too careful in these
			times.  A Bendu officer never gives 
			himself away.  I'm actually on a
			dangerous mission that's of the
			gravest importance to the...

		Luke suddenly realizes the old man might be an Imperial
		spy and a worried look crosses his face.  Ben laughs
		heartily.

						BEN
			You're right!  I could be an Imperial
			spy.  For a Bendu officer, you're
			quite a fool.

		Luke is embarrassed and concentrates on making Threepio
		comfortable.

						LUKE
			Who are you anyway?

						BEN
			You might say I'm part of the
			landscape here.  They call me Ben
			Kenobi.

		Luke is dumbstruck.  Then with a combination of awe and
		excitement he finds his voice.

						LUKE
			You're General Kenobi?!?  The Jedi
			knight!  The commander of the White
			Legions?

						BEN
			I'm afraid it's been a long time
			since the White Legions roamed the
			stars.  But I have the memories.

		Luke drops to his knees and bows before the old Jedi.

						LUKE
			I should have recognized you.

		The old man rubs his beard in wonder.

						BEN
			I don't see why.  I don't believe
			we've ever met.

						LUKE
			I am the son of Annikin Starkiller.

		The scruffy old Jedi smiles at the kneeling boy.

						BEN
			I know who you are.  Stand up so
			that we can talk properly.  You're
			embarrassing me.  I'm not that
			important.

						LUKE
			But you are... I know your 'Diary
			of the Clone Wars' by heart.  My
			father...

		A sudden thought crosses Luke's mind and his enthusiasm
		turns to embarrassed silence.

						LUKE
			I... I'm not a Bendu Officer.  I'm
			not even a startrooper.

						BEN
			I know that.

						LUKE
			You saw through me?

						BEN
			You could put it that way.

						LUKE
			I assure you my intentions weren't
			bad.

						BEN
			I know your intentions.  I probably
			know much more about you than you
			realize.  In many ways you're a lot
			like your father.  He was an indulgent 
			man, but a clever warrior.  Now what
			brings you out here?

						LUKE
			My father told me many stories about
			you.  He said if I was ever in trouble,
			to come here... I need your help.

42	INT. CAVE DWELLING - MAIN LIVING AREA - NIGHT		42

		The clean but spartan cave dwelling radiates an air of
		time worn comfort and security.  The image of the beau-
		tiful rebel princess is projected from Artoo's face.

						LEIA
			... that you will be richly rewarded
			for your efforts... My commanders use
			fix Arra code... X loc tan too nine.
			I am lost.  The Sith lords will surely
			take me to Alderaan.  You must continue
			alone.

		There is a little static and the transmission is cut
		short.  The old man leans back and scratches his head.
		He silently puffs on a tarnished chrome water pipe.

						BEN
			I'm afraid I've gotten too old for
			this sort of thing.

						LUKE
			But you must!  I can't do it alone.
			I'm not at all like my father.  I'd
			never make it.

						BEN
			I already know you think you're
			worthless.  I recommend you learn to
			think of yourself in a better light,
			for what you believe you are is what
			you become.  I haven't been involved
			in anything like this for many years.

						LUKE
			But the Sith Lords are involved!
			Whatever information this R-2 unit
			is carrying, it must be awfully 
			important.  They're probably looking
			for him... I'm no match for the Sith.
			This is a Jedi's work.  This is your
			responsibility!

						BEN
			Not any more!

		The old man suddenly ignites in a rage and swings his
		left forearm down across the solid metal table with a
		mighty blow.  His arm cracks in two, spewing forth
		wires and electronic components.

						BEN
			I'm not the same.  I'm too old.  I've
			lost too much.  You don't seem to 
			realize I've become an outlaw, to be
			hunted... and killed.

		Luke bows his head in sorrow for one of the greatest
		warriors in the galaxy and a fallen idol.  Ben is em-
		barrassed and makes a needless adjustment on the pot
		belly thermal heater, which radiates a warm glow through-
		out the room.  Little Artoo begins to pick up the pieces
		of the old man's arm and reassemble them.  The badly
		dented Threepio breaks the awkward silence by noisily
		standing up.

						THREEPIO
			If you'll not be needing me any more,
			I think I'll shut down for awhile.

		Luke nods his head.  Old Ben leans back in his chair.

						BEN
			Son, I'm sorry I lost control.
			Perhaps we should talk about this in
			the morning.

43	INT. CAVE DWELLING - SLEEPING AREA - NIGHT			43

		Luke tosses and turns in his sleep.  Threepio sleeps
		peacefully.  Luke keeps hearing the voice of Princess
		Leia calling out for help.  Suddenly he sits up with a
		start.  He hears Leia's voice coming from the main
		living area.  Luke climbs out of bed and quietly makes
		his way through the darkened dwelling.  He stops at the
		entrance to the main room.

44	INT. CAVE SWELLING - MAIN LIVING AREA - NIGHT		44

		Ben is sitting before the flickering hologram image of
		Princess Leia.  The old man rests his head in his one
		good arm.  His back is to Luke, but he senses the boy's
		presence.

						BEN
			Luke, come here... sit down.

		Luke walks over and sits across from the old man.

						BEN
			You were right.  It is my 
			responsibility.  The Force of
			Others brought the message to you and
			then it brought you to me.

						LUKE
			My father used to talk about the
			Force of Others.  But he never told
			me what it was...

						BEN
			Let's just say the Force is something
			a Jedi Warrior deals with.  It is an
			energy field in oneself, a power that
			controls ones acts, yet obeys ones
			commands.  It is nothing, yet it makes
			marvels appear before your very eyes.
			All living things generate this Force
			field, even you.

						LUKE
					(amazed)
			You mean I generate an energy field?

						BEN
			It surrounds you and radiates from
			you.  A Jedi can feel it flowing from
			him...
					(patting his
					stomach)
			... from here!

						LUKE
			Could I learn to feel it?

		The old man leans back and scratches his head smiling
		slightly.

						BEN
			That is not a human decision, not
			your or mine.

						LUKE
			What do you mean?

						BEN
			It means you'd better get some rest.
			We'll be leaving for Mos Eisley
			first thing in the morning.  The
			trip will be difficult and dangerous,
			but it's the only spaceport with
			ships large enough to get us to
			Organa Major.  Now go on!

		Luke reluctantly stands and heads for the bedroom.

45	EXT. UTAPAU - ENTRANCE TO CAVE DWELLING - MORNING	45

		Artoo and Threepio carry supplies out of the cave dwell-
		ing to where Luke loads them into the landspeeder.  Old
		Ben emerges into the sunlight and stretches his new arm.

						BEN
			It looks like a good day for travel.
			The Force is with us.

		Ben walks over to the speeder and puts his hand on Luke's
		shoulder.

						BEN
			Luke, I'm coming along to do what
			I can, but I'm tired and I'm depending
			on you to get us through.

						LUKE
			But you're still a powerful Jedi.
			You don't need my help.

						BEN
			A Jedi's power is measured by the 
			amount of the Force that is stored 
			within him, and I have little of the
			Force left in me.

						LUKE
			How can you store an energy field 
			within you?

						BEN
			When a creature dies, the force it
			generated remains.  The Force is all
			around us.  It can be collected and
			transmitted through the use of a
			Kiber crystal.  It's the only way to
			amplify the power of the Force within
			you.

						LUKE
			Don't you have a Kiber crystal?

						BEN
			I had one, but it was taken at the
			battle of Condawn...

						LUKE
			That's where my father was killed.

						BEN
			Yes.  It was a black day.  One of
			my disciple's took the crystal and
			became a Sith Lord.  It was a black
			day.  The few crystals that remain 
			are in the possession of the Sith
			Lords on Alderaan.  That's how they've
			become so powerful.

						LUKE
			Do the Sith know the ways of the
			Force?

						BEN
			They use the Bogan Force.

						LUKE
			Like Bogan weather, or bogan times.
			I thought that was just a saying.

						BEN
			There are two halves of the Force of
			Others.  One is positive and will help
			you if you learn how to use it.  But
			the others half will kill you if you
			aren't careful.  This negative side
			of the Force is called the Bogan,
			which is where the expression came
			from, and it is the part that is used 
			by the Dark Lords to destroy their
			opponents.  Both halves are always
			present.  The Force is on your right,
			the Bogan is on your left.  The Kiber
			Crystal can amplify either one.  The
			Crystal Darth stole was the last one
			in the possession of the Jedi.  When
			he joined the Sith, the power of the 
			Dark Lords was completed.

		Artoo and Threepio are already in the speeder, as Luke
		and old Ben climb in.  The speeder starts with a low hum.

46	INT. ALDERAAN - CRYSTAL CHAMBER					46

		Three SITH LORDS are on their knees praying before a
		shining crystal placed on a tall altar.  They mumble a
		strange electronic chant.

						1ST SITH
			Darth, did you feel that?

		Darth stands and stares at the crystal.

						2ND SITH
			Was it an omen?  What is it?

						VADER
			Something old has been awakened.  The
			Force has suddenly grown stronger,  We
			must travel future paths with caution.

		They file out of the chamber.

47	EXT. UTAPAU - BLUFF OVERLOOKING MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT	47
		- DAY

		The speeder zooms across the desert wasteland and
		eventually stops on a bluff overlooking the spaceport
		at MOS EISLEY.  It is a haphazard array of low gray con-
		crete structures and semi-domes.  A harsh gale blows
		across the stark canyon floor.  Luke adjusts his goggles
		and walks to the edge of the craggy bluff, where Ben is
		standing.

						BEN
			Well, there it is, Mos Eisley.  A
			more wretched hive of scum and
			villainy can't be found this side
			of the empire...

48	EXT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - SLUM DWELLING - DAY		48
 
		Luke stops the speeder before the remains of a burnt-
		out spaceship the size of a large jet fighter.  Two
		scruffy figures huddle around a small thermal heater,
		attempting to use the decaying building as shelter
		against the howling winds.  One of the rag-tag figures
		ventures over to the group in the speeder.  It is
		obvious from his pint size that he is a Jawa.  Artoo
		lets out a string of electronic beeps and whistles.

						THREEPIO
			I begging your pardon, sir, but watch
			out for this thing.

		The wretched little creature moves close to the speeder
		and begins to run his gnarled hand across it.

						JAWA
			Clinga fouf.  Zoom zoom.  Chiq?

						LUKE
			Where are the men who fly in the
			ships?

		Saliva dribbles from the dark hole where the Jawa's face
		should be and drops, splat on the hood of the speeder.
		Threepio repeats the question in the Jawa's language,
		and the vile creature points to the far end of the street
		and mumbles something.

						THREEPIO
			He says there's an inn down the
			street.  Lots of fliers there.  But
			I wouldn't take his word for it.

		The Jawa continues to fondle the speeder as Luke starts
		the magno-system.  The filthy creature reluctantly jumps
		away as the speeder takes off and glides down the dingy
		spaceport street.  A giant lizard scurries out of the 
		wretched spaceship chased by a stubby Jawa.

49	EXT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - CANTINA - DAY			49

		The speeder pulls up in front of a rundown, blockhouse
		cantina on the outskirts of the spaceport.  Various
		strange forms of transport, including several unusual
		beasts of burden, are parked outside the bar.

						THREEPIO
			I can't abide those Jawas.  Disgusting
			creatures.

						BEN
			Take care in here.  I don't like the
			looks of this place.

		Luke, Ben and the two robots climb out of the speeder,
		and brace themselves against the constant shipping wind.

50	INT. MOS EISLEY CANTINA - DAY					50

		The young adventurer and his two mechanical servants fol-
		low Ben Kenobi into the smoke-filled cantina.  The
		murky, moldy den is filled with a startling array of
		weird and exotic alien creatures and monsters, laughing
		at the long metallic bar.  At first the sight is horrifying.

		One-eyed, thousand-eyed, slimy, furry, scaly tentacles
		and claws huddle over drinks.  Ben and Luke move to an
		empty spot at the bar near a group of repulsive but
		human Corellian pirates.  A huge, rough-looking 
		BARTENDER comes over to Luke and the robots.

						BARTENDER
			We don't serve 'their kind' in here.

		Luke, still recovering from the shock of seeing so many
		outlandish creatures, doesn't quite catch the Bartender's
		drift.

						LUKE
			What?

						BARTENDER
			Your 'droids' will have to wait 
			outside.  We don't serve 'em here.

		Luke looks to Old Ben who is busy talking to one of the
		Corellian pirates.  He notices that several of the grue-
		some creatures along the bar are giving him a very un-
		friendly glare.

						LUKE
			Yes, of course.  I'm so sorry.
					(turns to Threepio)
			You'd better stay with the speeder.
			We don't want any trouble.  I'll...
			ahh... bring you something.

		Threepio and his stubby partner go outside and most of
		the creatures at the bar go back to their drinks.  Ben
		is standing next to CHEWBACCA, an eight foot tall,
		savage-looking creature resembling a huge gray bushbaby-
		monkey with fierce 'baboon-like' fangs.  His large
		yellow eyes dominate a fur-covered face and soften his
		otherwise awesome appearance.  Over his matted, furry
		body he wears two chrome bandoliers, a flak jacket
		painted in a bizarre camouflage pattern, brown cloth
		shorts, and little else.  He is a two hundred year old
		WOOKIEE, and a sight to behold.  Ben speaks to the
		Wookiee in his own language, which is a little more than
		a series of grunts.  The old man points to Luke several
		times during the conversation and the huge creature
		suddenly lets out a horrifying laugh.  Luke is more than
		a little bit disconcerted, and pretends not to hear the
		conversation between Ben and the Giant Wookiee.  He is
		terrified, but tries not to show it.  He quietly sips
		his drink, looking over the crowd for a more sympathetic
		ear or whatever.

		A large, multiple-eyed CREATURE gives Luke a rough
		shove.

						CREATURE
			Negola dewaghi wooldugger?!?

		The hideous freak is obviously drunk.  Luke tries to
		ignore the Creature and turns back to his drink.  A
		short, grubby HUMAN and an even smaller RODENT-like
		beast join the belligerent monstrosity.

						HUMAN
			He doesn't like you.

						LUKE
			I'm sorry.

						HUMAN
			I don't like you either.

		The big Creature is getting agitated and yells some
		unintelligible gibberish at the now rather nervous
		young adventurer.

						HUMAN
			Don't insult us.  You just watch
			yourself.  We're wanted men.  I
			have the death sentence on twelve
			systems.

						LUKE
			I'll be careful then.

						HUMAN
			You'll be dead.

		The rodent lets out a loud grunt and everything at the
		bar moves away.  Luke tries to remain cool, but it
		isn't easy.  His three adversaries ready their weapons.
		Old Ben moves in behind Luke.

						BEN
			This little one isn't worth the 
			effort.  Come let me buy you 
			something...

		A powerful blow from the unpleasant Creature sends the
		young would-be Jedi sailing across the room, crashing
		through tables and breaking a large jug filled with a
		foul-looking liquid.  With a blood-curdling shriek, the
		monster draws a wicked chrome laser pistol from his belt
		and levels it at Old Ben.  The Bartender panics.

						BARTENDER
			No blasters!  No blasters!

		With an astounding agility, Old Ben's laser-sword sparks
		to life and in a flash an arm lies on the floor.  The
		rodent is cut in two and the giant, multiple-eyed Creature
		lies doubled, cut from chin to groin.  Ben carefully and
		precisely turns off his laser-sword and replaces it on
		his utility belt.  Luke, shaking and totally amazed at
		the old man's abilities, attempts to stand.  The entire
		fight has lasted only a matter of seconds.  The cantina
		goes back to normal, although Ben is given a respectable
		amount of room at the bar.  Luke, rubbing his bruised
		head, approaches the old man with new awe.

						BEN
			Chewbacca here is first-mate on a
			ship that might suit our needs.

		Luke is still giddy, and downs a fresh drink.

51	EXT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - ALLEYWAY - DUSK		51

		Luke, Ben and the two lumbering robots follow the giant
		Wookiee along a narrow slum alleyway crowded with
		darkly-clad creatures hawking exotic goods in dingy
		little stalls.  Men, monsters and robots crouch in waste-
		filled doorways whispering and hiding from the hot winds.
		The group enters a small doorway n a decaying stone
		building at the far end of the alley.  Several robots
		guide a small herd of anteaters down the street.

52	INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING AREA 23		52

		Chewbacca leads the group along a tall gantry over-
		looking a long Rube Goldburg-pieced together contrap-
		tion, which can only be loosely called a spaceship.
		Luke gives Old Ben a skeptical look.  Old Ben just
		smiles.  As they approach the ship, it looks even more
		homemade and shabby than it did at a distance.  The
		Wookiee calls out to someone inside the ship, but there
		is no reply.

						LUKE
			What a piece of junk.  This ship
			isn't going to get us anywhere!

		A tall figure steps out of the shadows of the imposing
		spacecraft.

		This is HAN SOLO, a tough James Dean style starpilot
		about twenty-five years old.  A cowboy in a starship
		-- simple, sentimental and cocksure of himself.

						HAN
			This ship has been to Terminus and
			back.  There isn't anyplace she
			can't go.  She may not look like 
			much, but she's special.  I built 
			her myself, and there is nothing
			faster... What can I do for you?

		Chewbacca steps forward and explains who the strangers 
		are and what they want.

						HAN
			I'm Han Solo, Captain of this
			vessel.  Who's in charge then?

						BEN
			I'm Ben Kenobi.  Luke Starkiller
			here is leading our expedition.

		Luke is taken by surprise, thinking that Ben was going
		to take care of things.  Han turns to Luke.

						HAN
			Organa Major is a rebel system.
			There will be quite a few starfleet
			patrols between here and there...
			It could be a little tricky if you
			want to avoid them... ten thousand.

						LUKE
			That's pretty steep.  We'd like to
			talk it over first.

		Ben and Luke step to one side.

						LUKE
			We don't have that kind of money.
			How much do you think I can get for
			the speeder?

						BEN
			Five, maybe.  Let me handle it.

		Ben turns back to the young starcaptain.

						BEN
			Five thousand now and five thousand 
			on arrival.

		Han thinks about this for a second.

						HAN
			You got yourself a ship.  We can leave
			as soon as you're ready.

						LUKE
			We have a little business to take care 
			of first, but it shouldn't take long.
			We'll be back shortly.

		Artoo and Threepio follow Luke and Ben as they hurry
		out of the starship hangar.

						LUKE
			What if we can't get five thousand?

		Ben glances back at Threepio.

						BEN
			We may have to sell one the
			droids.

		A great worry sweeps across Luke's face as he looks back
		at the two unaware robots faithfully following after
		them.

		Han Solo grins and slaps the monsterous wookiee across
		the back.

						HAN
			Well, old buddy, we're free, and it's
			an easy charter at that.

		Chewbacca doesn't share Han's enthusiasm, and makes a
		couple of worrisome grunts.

						HAN
			Yeah, yeah, I know we still have a
			problem, but maybe we'll be gone by
			the time H2 gets back.

		A commotion filters down from the entry gantry and Chew-
		bacca whines pessimistic comment.  A dozen or so gruff
		and grisly pirates approach the ship.  The grossest of
		the slavering hulks is JABBA THE HUTT.  His scarred face
		is a grim testimonial to his prowess as a vicious killer.

						HAN
			You're back early.

						JABBA
			A shipment of Covina just took off
			for Gordon.  I thought we might
			reroute it back here.

		He laughs maniacally.  Han is not amused.

						HAN
			You'll have to get yourself another 
			boy, Jabba.  I've got a charter.

						JABBA
			Forget it.  We settled this before,
			remember?  There's no getting out.
			Now get this 'can' started...

		It's a moment of great tension.  Han glances at the
		four pirates standing near them.  Two of the greasy
		brigands have their weapons pointed at him.  The young
		starcaptain stands firm for a few moments with his hand
		resting on his utility belt only inches from his
		blaster.  Chewbacca sways back and forth as he adjusts 
		his weight from one foot to the other.

						JABBA
			Well??

		Han turns and reluctantly boards the ship.  Jabba walks
		alongside Han and puts his arm around him.

						JABBA
			Han, after all we've been through,
			I'm disappointed we're not closer.
			You're getting soft now that the
			ship's finished.  You may have built 
			this bucket, but never forget who 
			paid for it, 'cause if you try to
			take her out again, I won't be so
			understanding.

53	INT. MOS EISLEY - USED SPEEDER LOT - GARAGE OFFICE -	53
		NIGHT

		Ben, Luke and the robots are standing in a sleazy
		used-speeder lot, talking with a tall, grotesque, insect-
		like used speeder dealer.  Only Threepio can understand
		the creature's weird buzzing dialogue.  Strange exotic
		bodies and spindly legged beasts pass by outside.  Once
		in a while a large lizard or strange animal scurries
		across the junk-strewn floor.

						THREEPIO
			He says it's the best he can do.
			Since the XP-21 came out, they just
			aren't in demand any more.

		Luke scratches his head and ponders the situation.

						LUKE
			Four thousand isn't going to do it...

		He looks at Ben, then Artoo, and finally Threepio.

						LUKE
					(to Ben)
			I think we're going to need them.
			Blast it!

						THREEPIO
			Sir, I have a couple of extra
			circuits.  Perhaps they might bring
			something.

						LUKE
			Well, ask him.  Tell him we need 
			five thousand.

		Threepio buzzes to the salesman, who shakes his head.

						THREEPIO
			Forty-seven hundred, no more.

						BEN
			He's bluffing.  He'll pay five.  Let's
			go.

		They turn and start out of the rundown showroom.

						LUKE
			This is the last place.  Shouldn't
			we just take what we can get and
			think of something else?

						BEN
			He's bluffing...

		Ben helps Artoo into the speeder as Luke climbs in the
		pilot's seat.  The speeder starts up with a loud hum,
		but before Luke can back out of the garage area, the
		insect stops them.

						THREEPIO
			Five thousand!

		Luke breaks out in a big smile and Ben manages a slight
		grin.

54	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - MAIN PASSAGEWAY			54

		As Han and the huge Wookiee work their way past the sin-
		ister Jabba the Hutt, the pirate hands the young star-
		captain a bulky cloak.

						JABBA
			Take this back with you, boy.

		Han doesn't mask his hatred for the loathsome pirate 
		very well, but takes the cloak and follows the Chew-
		bacca toward the back of the ship.  He stops by a small
		control panel, knocking it loose with his foot.  The
		cover falls to the floor with a muted clang and the
		young mechanic looks around to see if anyone heard.

						HAN
			This is it.  If this doesn't work,
			we're diced!

		He takes a small metal bar and jams it between two cir-
		cuits, causing sparks to fly.  He quickly replaces the
		cover and Han casually heads back toward the cockpit.

55	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - COCKPIT					55

		A short greasy looking pirate sits at the complex con-
		trols of the ship.

						PIRATE PILOT
			We're on our way...

		He pulls back on the power lever and the ship erupts
		into a cacophony of warning alarms and flashing lights.
		Smoke begins to issue from the panels.  The pilot is
		startled and begins flipping switches wildly.

						PIRATE PILOT
			I think... ahh, I have a problem here
			... one of the reactor's gone wild.
			Captain, I have a reading way over
			a thousand.

		Han rushes into the cockpit with a look of mock sur-
		prise on his face.

						HAN
			What's going on?

						PIRATE PILOT
			You tell me!  You built it.

		Han works at the control console in a vain attempt to
		figure out what's going on.

						HAN
			I don't understand it.  Look at that
			gauge.  We should have all been clown
			to micro-dust by now... Did I
			remember to...

		Before Han can finish, the pilot has fled.

56	EXT. PIRATE STARSHIP - ENTRY RAMP - NIGHT			56

		Jabba the Hutt and his crew scramble over one another
		trying to flee the starship before it goes super-nova.

57	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - MAIN PASSAGEWAY			57

		The alarm system is suddenly cut short.  Han quickly
		replaces the control panel and turns to see a foul-
		looking pirate named MONTROSS standing over him.

						MONTROSS
			So, you've solved the problem, or
			maybe you are the problem.  Get up.
			I'm taking you to the captain.  He'll
			sting you good...

						HAN
			Not this time!

		Montross reaches for his laser-pistol, but Han is
		faster and gets the drop on him.

						HAN
			Drop it, Montross.  I always said
			you were slow.  You clumsy oaf, a
			club is more your style.

		Han struggles to his feet and leads the pirate to the
		escape hatch.

58	EXT. PIRATE STARSHIP - ENTRY RAMP				58

		Chewbacca appears at the main hatch holding a hidden
		gun on Montross as Ben, Luke and the robots saunter up
		to the starship.  The huge Wookiee lets out with a
		loud wail that startles Luke.

						BEN
			We're coming!  We're coming.

		Han rushes toward the cockpit as Chewbacca helps Ben
		aboard the starship.  The Wookiee shoves Montross out
		the hatch just as it slams shut.

						HAN
			We're a little rushed, so if you'll
			settle in, we'll be off.

		Luke is a little puzzled by all the smoke and confusion.

59	EXT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - ALLEYWAY - NIGHT		59

		A lumbering Jabba the Hutt and the remains of his ter-
		rified crew stop in the street and try to collect
		themselves.

						JABBA
			What happened?  Han?  Montross,
			where's Han?  Montross?  Where is
			everybody?

		A strange assortment of alien creatures and robots watch
		Jabba from their cool alcoves along the edge of the
		street.  The ground trembles and the pirates turn to see
		the mighty pirate starship riding above the dingy slum
		dwellings.  The pirates stand dumbfounded, as the star-
		ship quickly disappears.

						JABBA
			He took the ship.  He took the ship!!

60	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - COCKPIT					60

		Han sits back in the huge pilot's chair and puts his
		feet up on the control panel.  Chewbacca, crowded into
		the copilot's seat, mutters his amazement.

						HAN
			I know.  Sometimes I amaze myself.

		He chuckles as the surface of Utapau slowly drifts out
		of view of the cockpit windows and is replaced by a
		sparkling carpet of stars.

		Chewbacca barks a few words of caution.

						HAN
			That's the price of freedom.  But
			then again, they may never find us.
			Once we cash in on this little venture
			we'll head for the southern systems.
			He'll be a long time coming there.

		Little Artoo appears momentarily in the doorway, makes
		a few beeping remarks, then scurries away.

61	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - SLEEP AREA				61

		Threepio helps Ben and Luke put away their gear in the
		cramped bunk area of the starship.

						LUKE
			When we get Artoo's message to them,
			you think they'll try to rescue the
			princess?

						BEN
			I doubt it.  It would be foolish for
			the rebel forces to come out of hiding.
			I know your feelings.  You'd best
			forget them.  It's for your own good.
			There will be no saving her from the
			prisons of Alderaan.  It's the heart
			of the Sith.  The Bogan Force is the
			most heavy there.

						LUKE
			But she's a member of The Twelve
			Families.  How can they hold her?

						BEN
			These are doubtful times.  The
			Empire has grown bold in its disregard
			of the...

		Suddenly Ben grabs his head and slowly collapses to the
		floor.  Luke rushes to him.

						LUKE
			What's wrong?  What's happening?

						BEN
			Keep away, I'm fine, I'm fine.

		The old man lapses into unconsciousness for several
		moments.  Luke doesn't know what to do.  Finally he goes
		to Old Ben and lifts his head.  The battered old Jedi
		shudders all over, then regains consciousness.

						LUKE
			Are you all right?

						BEN
			Yes... the Force... something horrible
			has happened.  I couldn't see what it
			was, or where it was, but it was
			terrible... terrible beyond
			description... the cry of millions
			dying at once.

		Luke helps Ben to his bunk.  He's still shaking from
		the experience.

62	INT. ALDERAAN - PRISON CELL						62

		Princess Leia is awakened by the blinding light of the
		hallway as the cell door silently slides open and
		Darth Vader enters the cell.

						VADER
			It is unfortunate you are able to
			resist my mind probe.  You are
			going through so much needless
			suffering.

		Leia watches her captor impassionately.

						VADER
			The 'Death Star' has become
			operational.  There is no force
			in the universe that can stop us now.

						LEIA
			They'll find its weakness.

						VADER
			It's too late... We already tested 
			it on Organa Major.  It appears your
			data never got through.

		Leia tries not to reveal the shock and pain, but she
		is stunned.

						LEIA
			No!...

						VADER
			It would be much easier if you were
			to tell us where the outposts are...
			Otherwise we'll be forced to destroy
			every suspicious system... What a
			waste...

		Vader starts to leave.

						LEIA
			You'll never stop them... No matter
			how many machines you build.

		The door slides closed behind Vader, leaving Leia alone
		in the darkness.

63	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - MAIN HOLD AREA				63

		Han enters the cramped but comfortable main hold area
		of the starship and begins checking charts and various
		computer readouts.

						LUKE
			Who's the pilot?

						HAN
			It's automatic.

		Chewbacca and the two robots sit around a lighted table
		covered with many small hologram figures.  Each side of
		the table has a small computer monitor embedded in it.

		Luke and Old Ben are sitting in the corner, the old
		man apparently asleep as Luke cleans a chrome laser-
		pistol.  he acts like it's brand new.  he seems very
		proud of it.

		Chewbacca seems very pleased with himself as he rests his
		lanky fur-covered arms over his head.  Artoo immediately
		reaches up and taps the computer with his stubby claw
		hand, causing one of the hologram figures to walk to a
		new square.  A sudden frown crosses Chewbacca's face and
		he begins yelling gibberish at the tiny robot.  Threepio
		intercedes on behalf of his small companion and begins to
		argue with the huge Wookiee.

						LUKE
					(to Threepio)
			Let him have it.  You're winning
			anyway.  It doesn't make any difference.

						THREEPIO
			I know, sir, but it's the principle
			of the thing.

		Luke sights down the barrel of his new pistol.  Old
		Ben opens his eyes.  It's obvious he wasn't asleep.

						LUKE
					(to Ben)
			Are you sure you don't need it?

						BEN
			I rarely use it any more.  I have
			the Force.  The Force is more
			powerful than any pistol.  You
			shouldn't put too much faith in that
			weapon.  Work on becoming aware of
			the Force... learn to feel its
			presence within you.  Try to sense
			what it's telling you.  It's the
			only thing you can rely on.

						LUKE
			What do I do?

						BEN
			All you have to do is lose your
			thinking self.  Don't focus on
			anything.  Let your body do your
			thinking... You have to learn to act
			on what you feel, not what you think
			... If I had the crystal, it would
			be much easier.  You could feel the
			Force immediately... but for now,
			let yourself go.  You'll pick it
			up... and someday you'll have no
			need for that pistol either.

		Han has been overhearing what Ben has been telling Luke
		and obviously has a low opinion of the Force of Others.

						HAN
			I'd keep that thing close just in
			case, if I were you... I've been
			around from one end of the galaxy
			to the other and believe me this
			Force of Others stuff may make for
			good religion, but there is no
			substitute for a good weapon at
			your side.

						LUKE
			You don't believe in the Force?

						HAN
			Sorcery!  I believe in myself...
			I determine my destiny, not some
			mystical energy field.

						BEN
			Well, we'll see...

						HAN
			You might get your stuff together.
			We'll be coming up on Organa Major
			soon.

64	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - COCKPIT					64

		The cockpit is alive with humming meters and softly
		buzzing readouts.  Han is busy at the controls as Luke
		looks on in wonder.

						HAN
			It checks out again.  There is no
			mistake...

		Old Ben enters the crowded cockpit.

						BEN
			What is it?

						LUKE
			He can't find Organa Major.

		Han is rather grim-faced.

						HAN
			I found it... It's just not there.

						LUKE
			What are you saying?

						BEN
			Organa Major has been destroyed.

		Ben moves in and studies the monitors.

						HAN
			What's left of it is contaminated.
			That's it there.  Look at those
			radiation readouts!  It's impossible.
			I've never seen anything like it.
			What's going on?

		Luke sits back and stares blankly at the monitors.

						BEN
			The Empire must have gotten here
			first.

						HAN
			The planet has been totally blown
			away!  It would have taken a
			thousand ships with a lot more fire
			power than I've ever seen... If the
			Empire had a new weapon that could
			do this... I would have heard
			something... I'd know about it.

						BEN
			Well, now you know... The enemy is
			on the move.  We haven't much time.

						HAN
			Well, I've brought you here.  What
			now?

						BEN
			We have to find he rebels... What
			we're carrying belongs to them.

						HAN
			Their bases are very well hidden.
			All the power of the Empire can't
			find them... Do you know where they
			are?

		Ben shakes his head sadly.

						BEN
			No, not anymore.

						HAN
			I'm not taking you on an impossible
			search across the galaxy... I was
			only paid to get you here and now
			you're here.  I'll take my other 
			five thousand and you're on your 
			own... I'll leave you on the nearest
			system.

						LUKE
			You can't!  We've come this far.  We
			must find them...

						HAN
			Why?

						BEN
			Well, for one reason, we don't have
			your other five thousand.

						HAN
			Who's going to pay me then?

						BEN
			I think there are some things we
			should talk about.

						HAN
			I'm beginning not to like you.

65	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - MAIN HOLD AREA				65

		Little Artoo is standing on the gaming table projecting
		the princess into the middle of the group.  Han has a
		perplexed look on his face as he ponders the hologram.
		Ben leans back in his chair quietly waiting, while Luke
		watches the princess with a wistful, smile, far-away look.
		Finally the hologram ends.

						HAN
			How much do you think she's talking
			about?

						BEN
			A million at least... If this robot
			has information related to the
			destruction of Organa Major, you'll
			be able to name the reward...

						HAN
			Anything I want!  Now that's
			interesting.

		He thinks about this for a few moments.  Luke begins to
		get a little edgy.

						LUKE
			Maybe you should just drop us off.
			I'm sure we can find someone willing
			to take the risk.

						HAN
			All right, all right!
			You've got a ship!  But where do
			we go from here?  They probably took
			her to find the hidden bases... I
			don't see how we can find the rebels
			before she breaks.  The Empire has
			already beat us out.

						BEN
			She's part of the royal family.
			They won't get any information from
			her... She knows the art of mind
			control... She's a swan sensana.

		Ben gets lost in his thoughts for a few moments.

						BEN
			But she is the only link between us
			and the hidden bases.

						LUKE
			You mean we should go after her!...

						BEN
			I didn't say that, but it appears to
			be a logical alternative.

						HAN
			Now wait a minute.  She's in Alderaan!

		Ben is thinking and doesn't hear Han's protest.  He
		turns to Luke.

						HAN
			No, it's impossible... No one, and I
			mean no one would venture anywhere
			near the Alderaan system... I'm a
			free booter, not revolutionary.  You're
			aboard the wrong ship, son!

						LUKE
			Maybe the fact that no one would go
			there voluntarily could help us.
			They probably don't think anyone
			would dare try.

						HAN
			Don't you believe it.

						BEN
			Luke's got a point...
			... Fear is their greatest defense...
			I doubt if the actual security there
			is much greater than on Aquilae or
			Sullust, and what there is is most
			likely directed toward large-scale
			assault.

						HAN
			This isn't a game, you know.

						LUKE
			How many more systems have to get
			blown away before you have no place
			to hide and are forced to fight...
			Don't you realize what's going on?

		Han is slightly embarrassed by Luke.

						HAN
			Kid, you take the glory and the good
			intentions and I'll take the reward.

						BEN
			Fear is their greatest weapon.

						HAN
			I'm not afraid of anything...

		Everyone looks at Han, and he instantly regrets what
		he has said.

66	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - COCKPIT - APPROACHING ALDERAAN    66

		The cockpit is a quiet hum of computers as Han works
		diligently on a complex calculation.  Chewbacca enters
		the cabin just as the ship begins to shudder violently.
		After a few moments the buffeting stops.

						HAN
			We've just passed into the first
			perimeter.  It won't be long now.

		Chewbacca grunts an acknowledgement and points to a
		very large and bright star out the front window bay.

						HAN
			There it is!  Alderaan, the prison 
			system.  Take over.
			I'm going to go back and see if
			they have come up with a plan, or if
			we're just going to cruise on in
			until they disintegrate us.

67	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - MAIN HOLD AREA				67

		Luke stands in the middle of the small hold area.  He
		seems frozen in place, a humming laser-sword held high
		over his head.  Ben watches him from the corner, study-
		ing his movements.  Han enters and watches with a bit
		of smugness.

		Suspended at eye level -- about ten feet in front of
		Luke -- a chrome baseball covered with antenna hovers
		slowly in a wide arc.  The ball floats to one side of
		the youth, then to the other.  Suddenly it makes a
		lightning swift lunge and stops within a few feet of
		Luke's face.  Luke doesn't move, and the ball backs off.
		It slowly moves behind the boy, then makes another quick
		lunge, this time emitting a blood red laser beam as it
		attacks.

		Luke sparks to life.  With one amazingly swift move, he
		turns and swings his laser-sword, deflecting the beam.
		The seeker shuts off and lands on the floor.

		Ben is pleased, and Han is quite impressed.

						BEN
			You have your father's style.  You've
			done very well.

						HAN
			Not bad.

		Luke is sort of embarrassed with all the attention.

						LUKE
			Well, I practice a lot...

						HAN
			You're good with 'remotes,' but how
			are you against something living?

						LUKE
			I don't know... I've never fought
			anyone.

		Han smiles knowingly.

						BEN
			Enough.  Now try it without thinking.
			It's no good talking about the Force.
			You must learn to feel it.  Wear this.

		Ben places a large helmet on Luke's head which covers
		his eyes.

						LUKE
			I can't see!  How can I fight?

						BEN
			Try to feel it.  Use the Force...

						LUKE
			I can't do it.  I'll get hit.

						BEN
			Stop thinking, and start feeling.
			Let yourself go.

		Han skeptically shakes his head as Ben throws the
		seeker into the air.  The ball shoots straight up in
		the air, then drops like a rock.  Luke swings the laser-
		sword around blindly missing the seeker, which fires off
		a laser bolt, which hits Luke square on the seat of his
		pants.  He lets out a painful yell and attempts to hit
		the seeker, coming amazingly close, but he is hit
		several more times before he manages to finally deflect
		one of the bolts.  The ball ceases firing and moves back
		to its original position.  Luke removes the helmet and
		is a sweaty, exhausted mess.

						BEN
			See, once you let yourself go you
			can do it.  You'll get it.

						LUKE
			I don't get it, but I guess I did
			block it.

						HAN
			I'd call it a lucky move.

		Han in a split second draws his laser-pistol and blasts
		the seeker.  The ship begins to shudder, then a distant
		warning signal goes off.

						HAN
			We're into the second perimeter.
			They'll be coming out to blast us
			shortly.  I was wondering if you
			had some kind of a plan or are we
			going to try to blast our way in?

						BEN
			Check your data banks for all the
			information you have on Imperial
			procedures.  Both of you will have
			to learn...

						HAN
			We're going to get in by studying
			Imperial procedures?  I don't like
			it.

						BEN
			All right then, we'll use your plan.

		Han slumps in his seat with a dejected look.

						HAN
			I'll get the information.

						BEN
			... and I want you to start cleaning
			the equipment out of the scan-
			shielded compartments.

						HAN
			What do you want with our scan-proof
			lockers?

68	INT. ALDERAAN - CONTROL ROOM					68

		A CONTROLLER sits in a huge complex control room with
		massive screens projecting maps of various star
		systems.  An Imperial COMMANDER sits next to him.

						CONTROLLER
			No reply on any circuits... It's
			drifting on a point twenty-seven
			skew.  It's not close enough to
			identify.

						COMMANDER
			Alert squad five, but hold them
			until we know what it is.

						CONTROLLER
			Should we alert the Sith Lords?

						COMMANDER
			I'll make a report later.

						CONTROLLER
			As close as we can make out, it
			appears to be a Corellian gypsy
			vessel... It's not under power.

						COMMANDER
			Send one squad up.

69	INT. ALDERAAN - READY ROOM						69

		Chaos.  Red scramble lights are flashing.  Alert horns
		and attack buzzers create an unbelievable cacophony.
		Imperial starpilots in black armored spacesuits grab
		their helmets and space packs as they scramble out the
		door.

70	INT. ALDERAAN - HALLWAY						70

		Pilots dash in unison to a line of small auxiliary
		corridors that lead to Imperial "tie" fighters.  Tech-
		nical crews scurry here and there loading last minute
		armament and unlocking power cables.

71	EXT. SPACE AROUND PLANET ALDERAAN				71

		The long ornate pirate starship approached the gray
		gaseous planet of Alderaan.  The ship is not propelled,
		but simply drifts crab-like toward the planet.  As it
		approaches the surface, huge billowing clouds extend
		out like menacing tentacles.  The peacefulness of this
		nebulous idyll is broken by the increasing wail of ion
		engines.  Suddenly four sleek spacefighters from the
		Imperial third fleet burst from the huge cumulus range.
		The craft are small cylindrical power shells dominated
		by two huge solar fins.  They are flying in a tight
		formation.  Then two bank steeply and head toward the
		drifting starship.

72	INT. IMPERIAL FIGHTER - COCKPIT					72

		The Imperial fighters are one-man craft crammed with
		sophisticated electronic weaponry.

		The pilot is cold and professional as his craft closes
		in on the drifting starship.

						PILOT
			No life forms appear on the scanner.
			Escape pods four, seven and oh-three
			have been jettisoned.  Life systems
			are still functioning.  It appears
			to be in good shape... Should we 
			destroy it, or attempt salvage?...
			Do you copy?

73	INT. ALDERAAN - CONTROL ROOM					73

		The controller looks to the Commander for instructions.

						COMMANDER
			We don't get many visitors.  Let's
			take a look at it.

						CONTROLLER
					(into intercom)
			Send out a boarding party.  Full
			assault gear.

74	EXT. ALDERAAN - CLOUD SEA						74

		Several of the tiny Imperial fighters drift in orbit
		around the pirate starship as a block-like boarding
		vessel attaches itself to the underside of the disabled
		starship.

75	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - HALLWAYS					75

		Entering through an escape hatch, several heavily armed
		Imperial stormtroopers cautiously work their way down
		the main corridor of the pirate starship.  As they are
		about to enter the cockpit area, they hear a loud 
		clanking movement.  The ferocious stormtroopers freeze
		and simultaneously direct their awesome weapons at the
		cockpit hatchway.  Two of the troopers start to edge
		their way toward the cockpit.  The tension becomes
		almost palpable, until finally the gangling, bronze
		Threepio pops his "Art Deco" head out of the hatchway.

						THREEPIO
			Greetings!  I'm See Threepio, Human
			Cyborg relations.  I'm glad you
			arrived.
			I've been lost for some time.  My
			master and the crew departed after
			we passed through a solar plague
			zone.  I've been drifting ever since.
			The operation of astro-vehicles is
			not within my capacity...

		The OFFICER talks to his commander on his head phones.

						OFFICER
			Apparently a plague scare... no
			contamination.... We found a droid...
			proceeding to check out the rest of
			the ship.

		The Officer indicates that Threepio should move out of
		the cockpit.  Two guards grab the puzzled robot.

						OFFICER
					(to guard)
			Hold this thing for inspection.

76	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - COCKPIT					76

		The Officer enters the cockpit.  Threepio is completely
		confused as the stormtroopers rush around completely
		ignoring him.  The troops search the ship with small
		hand scanners.  The Officer sits in the pilot's seat
		of the deserted ship and begins to feed information
		into the computer.  He opens a com-line to the main base.

						OFFICER
			Base one, this is Kuro four.  The
			aft generator systems are out, but
			most everything else seems to be in
			order... I think I can bring it in 
			on its own power.

		A TROOPER enters the cockpit.

						TROOPER
			All clean, sir.  We couldn't get
			into some of the supply lockers.
			Should we blast them open.

						OFFICER
			Let the scavenger crews take care
			of it.

77	EXT. ALDERAAN - CLOUD SEA						77

		The towering white oxide clouds pass, revealing the
		Imperial city of Alderaan.  The magnificent domed and
		gleaming city is perched, mushroom-like, on a tall
		spire which disappears deep into the misty surface of
		the planet.  The little procession of Imperial "tie"
		fighters follows the larger pirate ship toward the
		city.  The Imperial Officer guides the ship toward one
		of the numerous huge open bays that ring the specta-
		cular city.

78	INT. ALDERAAN - PRISON CELL CORRIDOR				78

		A cell door silently slides open revealing the uncon-
		scious body of the princess slumped on a table-like
		bed.  Vader and two OFFICERS exit the cell and the door
		silently slides shut again.

						VADER
			We'll get nothing more out of her.

						1ST OFFICER
			The hidden bases have to be somewhere
			in the southwest.  That's something...
			I'll start a search operation.

						VADER
			Start a destroy operation... Wipe out
			every system in that sector if you
			have to.

		The Commander approaches the Dark Lord and bows.

						COMMANDER
			We've picked up a Corellian ship which
			was hit by plague.  It's been sterilized
			and we're bringing it in.

						VADER
			Don't worry about that.  Alert all
			commands to prepare the death star.
			We're going into the southwest.

		The Commander exits.  The Officer points back to Leia's
		cell.

						1ST OFFICER
			What about her?

						VADER
			Terminate her... but make it slow.
			We might still get some information.

79	INT. ALDERAAN - MAIN FORWARD BAY					79

		The pirate starship rests in a huge hangar bay.  Thirty
		or so guards march up to the craft as a ramp lowers and
		the boarding troops disembark.

						BOARDING OFFICER
			It's just a piece of drift junk.  It
			has some interesting innovations
			though.  Send in a research team
			before you start the salvage operation.
			Post your guards.

80	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - HALLWAY					80

		A lone trooper runs through the hallway heading for the
		exit.  In a few moments, all is quiet.  The muffled
		sounds of a distant officer giving orders finally fade.
		Threepio sneaks down the hallway, pulls on a latch, and
		a panel on a row of low cabinets crashes to the floor.
		Han Solo's head pokes out of the hold and looks around
		the hallway.  He then pulls himself out of his cramped
		quarters and struts around, stretching his legs.  A
		second locker breaks open and Luke emerges.  Chewbacca
		pokes his furry head out of the first locker and Han
		tells him the way is clear.

						HAN
			This is ridiculous.  I tell you it's
			not going to work.  We're never going
			to get out alive.

		Ben Kenobi sticks his head out of one of the lockers.

						BEN
			Darth Vader is on this system.  I
			can feel him.  I can feel the Kiber
			Crystal.

						HAN
			Is that good or bad?

						BEN
			It's not good... unless I could find
			the Crystal.  Then it could be very
			good.

						LUKE
			What about the princess?

						BEN
			You go after the princess.
			I am an old man and would be of little 
			help.  I must try to find the Crystal.

						LUKE
			I'm not going alone!

		Luke is suddenly seized with panic.  He turns to Han.

						HAN
			Don't look at me.  I'm just a pilot.
			I got you here... You've got to do 
			the rest.

						BEN
			There is a greater risk in staying 
			here, you know.  If you don't find
			the princess, then the whole trip 
			was for nothing... wasn't it?

						HAN
			I'm not going out there.

		He slams a panel to the deck and immediately regrets it.
		Everyone looks around as if an alarm had gone off.

81	INT. ALDERAAN - MAIN FORWARD BAY					81

		Two GUARDS stand on either side of the ramp leading to
		the pirate starship.  One of the guards hears something
		inside the spacecraft.  The second guard hears it also
		and speaks into the headphone in his helmet.

						SECOND GUARD
			We've picked up a disturbance
			inside the starship.  Proceeding to
			investigate.

		The two Guards enter the spacecraft.

82-83	INT. ALDERAAN - MAIN BAY GANTRY - CONTROL TOWER		82-83

		In a small control tower above the starship a GANTRY
		OFFICER speaks into his intercom.

						GANTRY OFFICER
			What is it?

						SECOND GUARD (V.O.)
			I don't hear it now... It must have 
			been the droid... Wait... what?

		The transmission goes dead.  The Gantry Officer
		switches to another channel.  The Officer's aide looks
		up from his desk.

						GANTRY OFFICER
			T-4, come in, T-4... Do you copy?
			Are you all right?

		There is a bit of static and a heavily filtered voice
		comes on.

						LUKE'S VOICE
			We're fine... Com-link jammed.

						GANTRY OFFICER
			Find anything?

						LUKE
			Nothing...

		The Gantry Officer gives his aide a puzzled look, then
		speaks into the com-link.

						GANTRY OFFICER
			T-4, you sound a little funny... T-4,
			what's your operating code?... T-4,
			are you there?

		The only thing that comes over the com-link is static.
		The Gantry Officer gets up and heads for the door.

						GANTRY OFFICER
			Take over.  It could just be another
			bad transmitter, but I'd better check.

		As the Officer approaches the door, it slides open
		revealing the towering Chewbacca.  The Gantry Officer
		is in a momentary state of shock, as he stumbles back-
		ward.  With a bone-chilling howl, the giant Wookiee
		flattens the Officer with one blow.  The aide imme-
		diately reaches for his pistol, but is blasted by
		Han, which sets off a series of small explosions on
		the control panel.  Han and Luke enter the room dressed
		as Imperial stormtroopers.

						LUKE
			Between his howling and your blasting
			everything in sight, the entire city
			is going to know we're here.

						HAN
			Good!  I prefer a straight fight to
			all this sneaking around.

		Ben feeds some information into the computer, and a
		map of the city appears on the monitor.  He begins to
		inspect it carefully.  Threepio and Artoo look over
		the control panel.  Artoo finds something that makes
		him whistle wildly.

						THREEPIO
			We've found it, sir.  Bless the
			maker, this control board has one.

		Han and Luke rush over to the robots.  Chewbacca busies
		himself with hanging the Gantry Officer by his toes.

						LUKE
			Plug him in.  Let's see what we get.

		Artoo punches his claw arm into the computer socket and
		the vast Imperial brain network comes to life, feeding
		information to the little robot.  After a few moments
		he beeps something to Threepio.

						THREEPIO
			Level five, Detention block A-23,
			cell 2187.  She's still alive...

						LUKE
			Send feed-back into the control
			sensors in that Detention block.

						BEN
			That's straight through the central
			core... up toward the top of the 
			city... Once you've got her, avoid
			the main transports, they'll shut
			down immediately.  Your only chance 
			is through the service shafts.
			There are no sensors there... All
			right now, get going, you don't 
			have time.  I hope you can remember
			everything.

						HAN
			We'll be back before you are, old
			man.

						BEN
			May the Force be with you.

		Old Ben slips out of the control bay and disappears
		down a long gray hallway.  Han whistles for Chewbacca
		to join them.  Luke binds the huge Wookiee with elec-
		tronic cuffs.  The Wookiee has a worried and slightly
		frightened look on his face.  Han reassures him and
		straightens his jacket.

						THREEPIO
			Luke, sir!  pardon me for asking
			... but, ah... what are we to do if
			someone should discover us here?

						HAN
			Hope they don't have blasters.

						THREEPIO
			That isn't very reassuring.

		Luke and Han put on their armored helmets and start off
		into the giant Imperial city of Alderaan.

84-85	INT. ALDERAAN - DETENTION AREA - ELEVATOR TUBE		84-85

		Han and Luke try to look inconspicuous in their armored
		suits as they wait for a vacuum elevator to arrive.
		Troops, bureaucrats and robots bustle about ignoring
		the trio completely.  Only a few give the giant Wookiee
		a curious glance.  Finally a small elevator arrives
		and the trio enter.  A bureaucrat races to get aboard
		also, but is signaled away by Han.  The door to the
		pod-like vehicle slides closed and it takes off
		through a vacuum tube.  Han rubs his hand across a
		series of small holes.

						HAN
			Gas... Old Ben was definitely right.
			If they discover us, we'll never get
			out this way.

		He gives Luke a skeptical look.

86-87	INT. ALDERAAN - HALLWAY AND SUB-HALLWAY			86-87

		Old Ben walks very quietly behind two Imperial officers
		who don't seem to be aware of his presence.  They pass
		several stormtroopers and a robot similar to Threepio
		but no one appears to notice Ben.  The old man deftly
		slips down a sub-hallway and hides in a shallow alcove
		as a patrol of twenty guards passes.  He rushes down an
		ever smaller hallway and disappears.

88	INT. ALDERAAN - DETENTION AREA - DUNGEON			88

		The giant Wookiee and his two guards enter the old,
		gray security station.  Guards and laser gates are
		everywhere.  Han whispers to Luke under his breath.

						HAN
			This isn't going to work.

						LUKE
			Why didn't you say so before.

						HAN
			I think I did.

		A tall, grim-looking OFFICER approaches the trio.

						OFFICER
			What code is this?

						LUKE
			I've got it here somewhere... It's
			SPT 188544.  You can check it through
			the... ahh, oh yes, lex-321.

						OFFICER
			It will take a while -- the cross
			mode is acting up... getting feedback
			from somewhere.

		The Officer goes back to his console and begins to punch
		in the information.  There are only three other troopers
		in the area.  Luke and Han survey the situation, checking
		all of the alarms, laser gates and camera eyes.  Han
		unfastens one of Chewbacca's electronic cuffs and shrugs
		to Luke.

		Suddenly Chewbacca throws up his hands and lets out with
		one of his ear-piercing howls.  He grabs Han's laser-
		sword and ignites it, pushing Han against the wall.

						HAN
			Look out!  He's loose!

		The startled guards are momentarily dumbfounded.  Luke
		and Han have already pulled out their laser-pistols
		and are blasting away at the terrifying Wookiee.  Their
		barrage of laser fire misses Chewbacca, but hits the
		camera eyes, laser gate controls and the Imperial guards.
		The Officer is the last of the guards to fall under the
		laser fire, just as he is about to push the alarm
		system.  Luke rushes over to the com-link system, which
		is screeching questions about what is going on.  Han and
		Chewbacca disappear down one of the sub-hallways.

						LUKE
			A Wookiee broke loose up here, but
			we've subdued him... There is a lot
			of damage, and three, no four,
			casualties...

						INTERCOM VOICE
			We'll send a squad up.

						LUKE
			No need, everything's under control.

						INTERCOM VOICE
			With four casualties?!

						LUKE
			The... ah door's jammed.  Give us
			a few minutes to get it fixed.

						INTERCOM VOICE
			Who is this?  What's your operating...

		Luke cuts off the com-link and yells down the cell row
		to Han.

						LUKE
			Hurry up.  I think we're going to
			have company.

89-90	INT. ALDERAAN - PRISON CORRIDOR - CELL			89-90

		Han stops before cell 2187 and yells something to Chew-
		bacca, who covers his face as the young pirate blasts
		the door away  with his laser pistol.  When the smoke
		clears, Han looks in the cell and an expression of
		horror crosses his face.

						HAN
			'Holy Maker,' NO!

		Suspended inside the cell by invisible rays, a bloody
		and mutilated Leia Organa hangs upside down.  A strange
		yellow glow radiates from her eyes.  Chewbacca rushes 
		into the cell past the dazed Han.  The Wookiee yells
		something and Han comes to, firing his pistol at a
		small control box in the wall.  The unconscious princess
		drops like a rock into the giant Wookiee's arms.  Chew-
		bacca slings her over his shoulder and joins Han in the
		hallway.

						HAN
			Luke, we've got her, let's go...

91-92	INT. ALDERAAN - DETENTION AREA - DUNGEON - HALLWAY	91-92

		A series of explosions knock a hole in the wall through
		which several Imperial troops begin to emerge.  Luke
		fires his laser pistol at them through the smoke and
		flames.  He turns and runs down the cell hallway.  He
		takes a small com-link transmitter from his belt.

						LUKE
			See Threepio -- See Threepio -- Jam
			the emergency communications network.
			Monitor what you can... What was that?
			I didn't copy...

93	INT. ALDERAAN - SUB-HALLWAY						93

		Han pulls up the rusty grate leading to a service pas-
		sageway and helps Chewbacca lift the inert princess
		into the black tunnel.

94	INT. ALDERAAN - MAIN BAY GANTRY - CONTROL TOWER		94

		Threepio paces the control center as little Artoo beeps
		and whistles a blue streak.  Threepio yells into the
		small com-link transmitter.

						THREEPIO
			I said, all systems have been alerted
			to your presence, sir.  I respectfully
			suggest you return at once...

		The transmitter squawks a short reply and Threepio peeks
		out the tower window at the starship.  All is quiet.  He
		then moves to the door and it slides open a crack.
		Several troops rush past, yelling and shouting order.
		Threepio slams the door shut and pushes the lock lever.
		Someone begins banging on the door.

						THREEPIO
			Oh, no!

95	INT. ALDERAAN - HALLWAY LEADING TO CRYSTAL CHAMBER	95

		Ben starts into the hallway leading to the crystal cham-
		ber, just as two Sith Lords are leaving.  the old man
		ducks into the nearest doorway which opens and swallows
		him up.

96	INT. ALDERAAN - CLASSROOM						96

		Ben finds himself in a small conference room filled
		with about a dozen or so bureaucrats listening to an
		instructor who is explaining a type of technical
		philosophy.  The class turns and stares at the old man.
		Ben raises his hands and all the bureaucrats, including
		the instructor, begin coughing and grabbing at their
		throats.  They are unable to breather and eventually
		collapse on the floor.

97	INT. ALDERAAN - HALLWAY LEADING TO THE CRYSTAL CHAMBER   97

		One of the Sith Lords stops in the hallway opposite the
		classroom door.

						1ST LORD
			What is it?

						2ND LORD
			Do you feel that?

						1ST LORD
			I don't feel anything.

						2ND LORD
			Maybe you're too young.  It's the 
			Force... If I didn't know better I'd
			say we were in the presence of a Jedi
			knight.

		The first Sith Lord puts his hand to his ear as a message
		comes through on his helmet intercom.

						1ST LORD
			They're calling for us again on the
			prison level.

		The two Dark Lords hurry off down the hallway and Old
		Ben silently exits the classroom.

98	INT. ALDERAAN - DUNGEON - PASSAGEWAY				98

		Luke leads Han and the Wookiee down the ever-darkening,
		narrow passageway.  Han and Luke switch on small lights
		in their gunbelts.  The rhythmic marching of storm-
		troopers seem to be getting louder.  Muffled voices can
		be heard.  Luke stops before an intersecting hallway.

						HAN
			They're right behind us.  Which way?

		Luke grabs his belt com-link and attempts to contact
		Threepio.

						LUKE
			See Threepio, do you read me?
			Compute our position... See Threepio?...

		Static and no reply.

						LUKE
			Something has happened to them.
			Let's try this way...

						HAN
			Let's try this way!  Holy Maker.

						LUKE
			See Threepio, come in, See Threepio.
			I wonder where they are??  See
			Threepio...

		As they descend into the bowels of the city, the eerie,
		slimy corridor becomes narrower and filled ankle-deep
		with water and ooze.

99	INT. MAIN BAY GANTRY - CONTROL TOWER				99

		A soft buzzer and the muted voice of Luke calling out
		for See Threepio can be heard on Threepio's hand com-
		link which is sitting on the deserted computer console.
		Artoo and Threepio are nowhere in sight.  Suddenly there
		is a great explosion and the door to the control tower
		flies across the floor.  Four armed stormtroopers enter
		the chamber.  A muffled voice can be heard coming from
		one of the supply cabinets.

						THREEPIO
			Help!  Help!  Let us out.

		The troops inspect the dead bodies and release Threepio
		from the supply cabinets.  Artoo is shut down and does
		not move.

						THREEPIO
			They're madman!  They are heading
			for the prison level.  If you hurry,
			you might catch them... they just
			left.

		The troops hustle off down the hallway, leaving two
		guards to watch over the control room.

		Threepio takes a round disk-like object and attaches it
		to Artoo's head, which lifts him a foot off the ground
		and moves him toward the door.

						THREEPIO
			All this excitement has burned out
			my counterpart.  If you don't mind,
			I have to take him down to maintenance.

		The guard nods and Threepio with little Artoo in tow
		hurries out the door.

100	INT. ALDERAAN - HALLWAY						100

		Artoo sparks to life and the two robots scurry off down
		the empty hallway.

						THREEPIO
			That was too close.  Now we'll have
			to find another control socket an
			plug you back in or everything is
			lost.

101	INT. ALDERAAN - CRYSTAL CHAMBER					101

		Old Ben carefully approaches the pedestal on which the
		Kiber Crystal is resting.  He gracefully sidesteps a
		series of invisible beams.  It looks as if he is doing
		a strange dance.  Ben stops about five feet in front of
		the Crystal.  His eyes light up, and it appears he is
		renewed with a new inner strength.

		Ben lifts his arms and slowly the Crystal begins to
		rise off the pedestal and move toward the old Jedi.
		The intense glow of the magical stone increases as it
		passes through an invisible protective death ray.
		Just before it reaches Ben's hand, it passes through
		a blue beam that sets off an alarm which instantan-
		eously slams the door shut and the room glows a bright 
		red.

102-103   INT. ALDERAAN - DUNGEON - PASSAGEWAY				102-103

		The passageway has gotten so small that Han, Luke and
		Chewbacca must walk sideways.  The princess is standing
		between Luke and the Wookiee and is semi-conscious.

102-103   CONTINUED:									102-103

						LUKE
			I think she's going to be all right.

						HAN
			Not if this tunnel deadends.

		Suddenly the way opens up to a wide, low-ceilinged
		corridor that is filled with water about waist high.
		At the far end of the tunnel is a small light.  Chew-
		bacca puts the princess back over his shoulder.

						HAN
			I see a light.  We may get out of 
			this yet.

		The princess wakes up and is thoroughly confused by
		her surroundings.

						LEIA
			What is it?  What's going on?  Where
			are we?

						LUKE
			You're safe.  We've come to get you
			out of here... Just relax.

		The two boys wade into the submerged corridor, but Chew-
		bacca won't enter.  He frantically begins sniffing the
		air and jabbers something to Han.

						HAN
			There is no choice.  The troops are
			right behind us.  Come on.

		Chewbacca won't budge.  He seems terribly afraid of
		something in the water.  Han wades back and pulls the
		huge Wookiee carrying the princess into the water.

						LUKE
			Is he afraid of the water?

						HAN
			No, he smells something... but we
			haven't time to worry about it now.

		The group moves forward through the dark corridor,
		unaware of the ominous ripples on the water's surface.

		The giant Wookiee stops and howls something to Han.  The
		young starcaptain talks to the frightened creature and
		eventually calms him down.  The dim light at the end of
		the corridor glimmers and becomes stronger.

		A loud, horrible, inhuman moan works its way up from
		the murky depths followed by a huge jellyfish-like form,
		which shoots out of the water and towers above the pet-
		rified group.  Chewbacca lets out a terrified howl and
		begins to back away.  Han and Luke stand fast with their
		laser-pistols drawn.  The Wookiee is cowering near one
		of the walls with the groggy princess on his shoulder.

		Han fires directly at the center of the beast.  His laser
		bolt passes through the huge creature and explodes against
		a far wall.  The light from the blast reveals a little
		more of the Dia Nogu, which is transparent with long
		slimy tentacles.

						HAN
			It's not a natural creature... our
			weapons are no good against it.

		The huge shape, breathing loud and deep, submerges again
		and the telltale ripples head toward Luke.

						HAN
			Watch it!  Move back.

						LUKE
			Get Chewbacca.  Try to get around it.
			I'll draw it away.

		Han turns and wades back to Chewbacca, who is huddled
		against the wall.  The Wookiee is shaking and wailing
		like a small child.  In the thin light provided by the
		small door at the end of the passageway, the faint out-
		line of the Dia Nogu can be seen as it swims by Luke.

						LUKE
			It just passed me.  Maybe it's
			harmless.  I'm gong to try for that
			opening.

		Suddenly Luke is yanked underwater.  Han has blindfolded
		Chewbacca and is attempting to lead the Wookiee and the
		princess toward the lighted opening at the far end of
		the tunnel.

						HAN
			Luke!  Where are you?  What happened?

		Luke surfaces with a gasp of air and thrashing of limbs
		with a membrane tentacle wrapped around his throat.

						LUKE
			Get gong!  I'll keep it busy.

		Luke is dragged under again.  Han grabs the princess and
		makes his way around the treacherous creature to the
		small opening at the end of the passageway.  Luke bobs
		to the surface with a severed tentacle dangling around
		his neck.

						LUKE
			It's only light that doesn't affect
			it.  Solid things, like rocks, can
			hurt it!  Fire above him!

						HAN
			Move out of the way!

		Luke tries to swim away, but is grabbed by the creature.
		Han fires his laser-pistol into the ceiling above the
		creature, knocking rocks and debris on top of it.  The
		Dia Nogu thrashes about for a few moments, then the water's
		calm, and all is quiet.  There is no sign of Luke.  Han
		bows his head as the hope drains from his face.  Chewbacca
		lifts the princess through the small opening in the wall,
		then struggles to squeeze himself through also.  Han
		starts to turn back toward the escape hole, when Luke
		pops out of the water with a gasp and starts swimming
		like mad toward the starcaptain.

						LUKE
			It's still alive.  It's gone crazy.
			Get out of here!

		The boys rush up to the small escape port only to find
		Chewbacca stuck.  Luke begins pushing the Wookiee as Han
		turns and fires off another blast at the ceiling.  A rush
		of rock and debris temporarily holds off the charging
		Dia Nogu.  Han helps Luke push Chewbacca through the hole.
		Then the two boys scamper to safety just before the fear-
		some creature begins another charge.

104	INT. ALDERAAN - UNUSED HALLWAY					104

		The group is standing in a dusty unused hallway.  The
		Dia Nogu bangs against the opening and a long slimy
		tentacle works its way out of the doorway searching for
		a victim.  Han aims his pistol.  The princess is groggy,
		but conscious.  She takes command of the situation.

						LEIA
			No, wait!!  They'll hear...

		Han fires at the doorway, creating an avalanche of
		rubble which buries the monster.

		The noise of the blast echoes relentlessly throughout
		the empty passageway.  Luke simply shakes his head in
		disgust.

						LEIA
			Listen, blockhead, I don't know
			where you came from, and I'm
			grateful, but from now on you do
			as I tell you.

		Han is stunned at the command of the petite young girl.
		Luke bows before the princess.

						LUKE
			I am Luke Starkiller at your service.

						LEIA
			There'll be time for that later.
			Now let's get out of here.

		The group moves swiftly down the deserted corridor.  The
		awkward silence is broken by Han, who's about had it with 
		the princess.

						HAN
			I don't care if the entire city heard
			me.  All this sneaking around is going
			to get us killed.  I'd rather fight
			my way out.

105	INT. ALDERAAN - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL	105

		Troops carry the two unconscious guards from the pirate
		starship and march past Threepio and little Artoo, who
		are hidden near a tiny service panel.  Artoo removes
		the panel and sticks his claw arm into the socket.  The
		little robot's circuits immediately light up and one of
		his antenna begins to spin wildly.  Smoke begins to pour
		from him before Threepio can pull him loose.  Artoo lets
		out with a few wilted beeps as he cools off.

						THREEPIO
			Well, next time pay more attention.
			You could have been fried... Are
			there any other sockets around here?...
			You must get back into the system
			right away... or Master Luke will be
			caught for sure.

		Artoo whistles a mournful reply and trudges off behind
		some canisters to look for another socket.

106	INT. ALDERAAN - HALLWAY LEADING TO CRYSTAL CHAMBER	106

		A half dozen troops are milling around outside the
		crystal chamber.  An Imperial COMMANDER approaches, and
		they all snap to attention.

						COMMANDER
			What are you waiting for?  Open it up!

		No one moves.  Finally a SERGEANT speaks up.

						SERGEANT
			We were told to wait for the Sith
			Lords to arrive.

						COMMANDER
			They're all up on the prison level.
			The alarms short circuited again.  A
			relay feedback probably tripped it.
			I think we can handle it.  Unlock the
			door.

		The troops lower their weapons as the heavy door is un-
		locked.  The door swings open to reveal the withered old
		Jedi, standing with his laser-sword drawn.  For a brief
		moment the Commander and his men are stunned.

						COMMANDER
			Shoot him down!

		Before the troops can fire their weapons Old Ben has
		moved through them swinging his deadly blade, cutting
		the troops to ribbons.  The old man flees down the hall-
		way with what's left of the troops vainly attempting
		to blast him.

107-108   INT. ALDERAAN - HALLWAY						107-108

		Luke, Han, Chewbacca and Princess Leia run down an empty
		hallway and stop before a bay window overlooking the
		pirate starship.  Luke takes out his pocket com-link.

						LUKE
			See Threepio... do you copy?

						THREEPIO
			I read you sir.

						LUKE
			You're back.  What happened?  Never
			mind.  What's going on?

						THREEPIO
			I'm afraid we're not plugged in at
			the moment, sir.  We've had some
			problems.

						LUKE
			Are you safe?

						THREEPIO
			For the moment.  We're in the main
			hangar.  Artoo is trying to plug into
			the system now.

						LUKE
			Good.  We're right above you.  Stand
			by.

		Han is watching the dozen or so troops moving in and out
		of the starship.

						HAN
			It's going to take a little doing to
			get back to the ship.  It looks like
			I'm going to get a fight after all.

		The two boys rush down the hallway, followed by the lum-
		bering Chewbacca and Princess Leia.  They round a corner
		and run smack dab into twenty Imperial stormtroopers
		heading towards them.  Both groups are taken by surprise
		and stop in their tracks.  Before even thinking, Han
		draws his laser-pistol and charges the troops, yelling
		at the top of his lungs.  The troops are startled by
		this assault and start to back off.  Han manages to cut
		several down before the rest flee in panic.  Pleased
		with his prowess, Han starts after them, yelling back to
		Luke as he goes.

						HAN
			Get to the ship!

						LUKE
			Come back here... Where are you
			going?

		Han has already rounded a corner and does not hear.  Chew-
		bacca, quite upset at his master's disappearance, lets out
		a mighty howl and chases after him.

						LUKE
			Holy Maker!

		Luke is furious but doesn't have time to think about it,
		for muted alarms begin to go off down on the hangar deck.
		Luke and the princess start off toward the starship 
		hangar.

109	INT. ALDERAAN - SUB-HALLWAY						109

		Han chases the ten stormtroopers down a long sub-hallway.
		He is yelling and brandishing his laser-pistol.  The
		troops reach a deadend and are forced to turn and fight.
		Han stops a few feet from them and assumes a defensive
		position.  He is ready to cut them down.  The troops 
		begin to raise their laser guns.  Soon all ten troopers
		are moving into an attack position in front of the lone
		starpirate.  Han's determined look begins to fade as
		the troops begin to advance.

110	INT. ALDERAAN - SUB-HALLWAY						110

		Chewbacca runs down the sub-hallway in a last-ditch
		attempt to save his bold captain.  Suddenly he hears the
		firing of laser guns and yelling.  Around the corner
		shoots Han Solo, pirate extraordinaire, running for his
		life, followed by a host of furious stormtroopers.
		Chewbacca turns and starts running the other way also.
		They run around several corners and the troops drop
		behind.

111	INT. ALDERAAN - NARROW PASSAGEWAY				111

		Old Ben hides in the shadows of a narrow passageway as
		twenty or thirty stormtroopers rush past him in the
		main hallway.  He checks to make sure they're gone,
		then runs down the hallway in the opposite direction.

112	INT. ALDERAAN - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL	112

		Little Artoo carefully plugs his claw arm into a new
		wall socket, and a complex array of electronic sounds
		spew from the tiny robot.

						THREEPIO
			Wait a minute, slow down!... That's
			better.  They're where?  They what?
			They are?  Oh, no!
			We're going to be mashed into conduit
			before this is over...

						LUKE
			See Threepio!  Do you copy?

113	INT. ALDERAAN - HALLWAY - BLAST SHIELD DOOR		113

		Luke and the princess run down a hallway and reach a
		complex blast shield door.  Luke is talking into his
		com-link.

						LUKE
			Are you hooked into the system?...
			Good.  Open the shield door... 11054B...
			hurry...

		Han and Chewbacca come lumbering around the corner and
		rush up to Luke and the princess.

						HAN
			Can you get it open?

		A multi-layered series of doors begin to open behind
		them, just as the squad of stormtroopers that are
		chasing Han and Chewbacca round the corner and start
		firing on the rebels.  Han returns the fire and the
		hallway quickly fills up with smoke and confusion
		as the final hatch swings open.

		They turn and start into the main spaceport causeway.
		A few steps into the causeway the group stops short.
		Two Dark Lords of the Sith, leading about thirty storm-
		troopers, stride toward them.  Luke and Han let loose
		with their blasters, then follow the princess and the
		Wookiee back into the first hallway.  Luke takes out
		his com-link.

						LUKE
			See Threepio... Close the shield door!
			Close the shield door quickly... lock
			it tight!

		The five layers of the door instantly slam shut.  Laser bolts
		continued to ricochet around them.

						HAN
			Now what!?!

		Luke shrugs his shoulders.  The stormtroopers continue
		their assault, filling the hallway with smoke and debris.

						LEIA
			This way, hurry!

		She rushes over to a large slit in the wall somewhat
		like a storm drain.  She jumps through the narrow open-
		ing as Han and Chewbacca look on in amazement.  Chew-
		bacca says something.

						HAN
			Go on!  You big furry oaf.

		He shoves the Wookiee into the tiny opening and the
		Wookiee disappears into the darkness followed quickly
		by Han.  Luke fires off a couple of quick blasts,
		creating a smoky cover, then slides into the garbage
		chute and is gone.  When the smoke clears, the troops
		advance.

						SERGEANT
			Get this shield door open!

114	INT. ALDERAAN - SPACEPORT - GARBAGE ROOM			114

		Luke tumbles into a large room filled with garbage and
		muck.  Han and Chewbacca are already stumbling around
		looking for an exit.  He finds a small hatchway and
		struggles to get it open.  It won't budge.

						HAN
					(sarcastic)
			The garbage chute wasn't a bad idea,
			your highness, but unfortunately these
			trash rooms are vacuum sealed.

		He draws his laser-pistol and fires at the hatch.  The
		laser bolt ricochets wildly around the small metal
		room.  Everyone dives for cover in the garbage as the
		bolt explodes almost on top of them.  Leia climbs out
		of the garbage with a rather grim look on her face.

						LEIA 
			Put that thing away or you're going
			to get us all killed.

						HAN
					(sarcastic)
			Yes, your highness.
			I'll let you open it then.  It won't
			be too long before they figure out
			what happened to us.  This has
			turned into a brilliant escape!

						LEIA
			It could be worse...

		Luke and the princess go over to help Chewbacca, who is
		straining to open the emergency latch.  Han moves about
		in the muck.  Suddenly the walls of the garbage recep-
		tacle shudder and move in a couple of inches.  Then
		everything is deathly quiet.

						HAN
			I've got a very bad feeling about 
			all this.

		Before anyone can say anything the walls begin to rumble
		and edge toward the rebels.

						LEIA
			Don't just stand there.  Try to brace
			it with something.

		They place poles and long metal beams between the closing
		walls, but they are simply snapped and bent as the giant 
		trash masher rumbles on.  The situation doesn't look
		good.

						HAN
			This isn't working, your highness.

		The room gets smaller and smaller until it is only three
		feet wide.  Garbage is snapping and popping as it is
		crushed by the relentless walls.  Luke's com-link begins 
		to buzz, and he pulls it off his belt.

						LUKE
			Holy Maker, Threepio.  I forgot...

						THREEPIO
			Are you there, sir?  We're going...

						LUKE
			Threepio!  Shut down all garbage
			mashers on your level... Do you copy??
			Threepio, shut down all garbage...

		The rumbling walls continue.  It looks hopeless, and
		then they stop.  Everyone breathes a sigh of relief.
		Luke goes over to the pressure hatch and scrapes some
		muck off a number.

						LUKE
			Open the pressure maintenance hatch
			on unit 366117891...

115	INT. ALDERAAN - HALLWAY - BLAST SHIELD DOOR		115

		The huge blast shield door slides open and the storm-
		troopers on either side almost shoot each other, but
		quickly realize they have been tricked.  The Sith Lords
		point to the garbage chute.

116	INT. ALDERAAN - HALLWAY LEADING TO MAIN FORWARD BAY	116

		Old Ben hurries along one of the tunnels leading to the
		starship hangar.  Just before he is about to reach the
		hangar, Darth Vader steps into view at the end of the
		tunnel not more than ten feet away.

						VADER
			I've been waiting... At least we meet
			again... It could only have been you...

						BEN
			The Force of the Bogan has grown
			strong with you.  I expected your
			master...

						VADER
			You were once my master, but I am the
			master now... the Crystal will be of
			little use to you...

		The fearsome dark knight ignites his laser-sword and takes
		a defensive stance.  The two galactic warriors stand per-
		fectly still for a few moments, sizing each other up and
		waiting for the right moment.  Old Ben seems to be under
		increasing pressure and strain, as if an invisible weight
		were being placed upon him.  He shakes his head and,
		blinking, tries to clear his eyes.

						VADER
			Your powers are weak... Old man, you
			should never have come back.

		Ben makes a sudden lunge at the huge warrior but is
		checked by a lightning movement of the Sith.  A master-
		ful slash-stroke by Vader is blocked by the old Jedi.
		Another of the Jedi's blows is blocked, then countered.
		Ben moves around the Dark Lord and starts backing into
		the massive starship hangar.  The two powerful warriors
		stand motionless for a few moments with laser-swords
		locked in mid-air, creating a low buzzing sound.

117	INT. ALDERAAN - MAIN FORWARD BAY - STARSHIP		117

		Threepio looks up and sees Ben emerging from the hallway.

						THREEPIO
			There's the general!  Where are the
			others?... Oh, no!

		Threepio ducks out of sight as the seven stormtroopers
		who were guarding the starship rush past them heading
		toward Ben and the Sith knight.  When the robot ven-
		tures another peek, he spots Han, Luke, Chewbacca and
		the princess running out of a tunnel on the other side
		of the starship and heading toward them.  He pulls on
		Artoo.

						THREEPIO
			Unplug yourself.  We're going!

		Ben sees the troops charging toward him and realizes
		that he is trapped.  Vader takes advantage of Ben's
		momentary distraction and brings his mighty laser-sword
		down on the old man.  But Ben manages to deflect the
		blow, swiftly turning around, cutting a safety lock on
		the blast door.  Vader is standing in the access tunnel,
		while Ben is in the huge hangar, and the heavy blast
		door slams down between them, trapping Vader in the
		tunnel.

		Ben instantly turns toward the troops.  They stop in
		their tracks and start to raise their weapons.  Before
		they can fire a shot, a laser bolt explodes in the
		middle of them, creating havoc.  The troops turn around
		to see Luke and Han firing on them from the ramp of the
		starship.  Threepio and Artoo run up the ramp and dis-
		appear inside the ship.  Chewbacca appears at the door
		of the pirate ship and throws a dead stormtrooper onto
		the hangar floor.  Luke turns to Han.

						LUKE
			Get the ship started!

		As Han starts up the ramp, Leia grabs the laser-pistol
		out of his hand.  Han starts to grab it back, then
		thinks better of it and rushes into the starship.  Ben
		charges into the troops, cutting them down as he goes.
		Luke is forced to stop firing and runs to the old man's
		aid with his laser-sword drawn.  Several of the troops
		flee in panic, but the two that remain fire their laser-
		pistols point blank at the old man.  Ben deflects the
		bolt, but it explodes near him and he slumps to the
		floor in a heap.  Luke cuts down the remaining troops
		and rushes to the old Jedi's side.

		Ben is still alive, but badly hurt.  A fresh squad of
		stormtroopers appear at a second tunnel, and Leia fires
		off a blast that makes them duck for cover.

						LEIA
			Luke, quickly!  There are more coming!

		Luke struggles to drag the old man toward the ship under
		the constant fire of the Imperial troops.  Luke fires
		back whenever possible and manages to keep the troops at
		bay.  The princess takes careful aim and hits the safety
		lock on the blast door, causing it to slam shut, leaving
		only three troops left in the hangar.  The princess runs
		down the ramp and helps Luke drag the old man aboard.
		Luke puts away his laser-pistol and takes out his com-link.

						LUKE
			Han, close the main hatch and get
			this thing moving!

118	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - COCKPIT					118

		Han pulls back on the controls and the ship begins to
		move.  The dull thud of laser bolts can be heard bounc-
		ing of the outside of the ship.  The princess enters
		the cockpit with a worried look on her face.

						HAN
			Don't worry.  They aren't going to
			hurt us with those peashooters...
			This ship is fully shielded.

119	INT. ALDERAAN - MAIN FORWARD BAY - STARSHIP		119

		The pirate starship lifts away from the starship bay
		and quickly disappears into the cloud sea of Alderaan.
		The three troops continue to fire at the retreating
		ship.

		The blast doors quickly slide open revealing Darth
		Vader, an Imperial commander and many troops.  The Dark
		Lord casually enters the hangar bay and speaks to the
		commander.

						VADER
			Very good.  It worked.  Slow them
			down, but don't stop them.  Alert
			all the tracking stations.  We should
			soon know the location of at least
			one of their hidden bases.  Alert the
			Death Star.

120	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - COCKPIT					120

		Chewbacca enters the crowded cockpit and jabbers away
		to Han.  The young starcaptain jumps up while speaking
		into the com-link.

						HAN
			Luke, you'd better get to on of the
			gun ports.  We've got four tie ships
			coming in on grid five.

		Chewbacca squeezes into the pilot's chair next to the
		princess.  Han notices the skeptical look on Leia's
		face.

						HAN
			With your permission I will go and
			assist young Luke.  Don't worry.
			Chewbacca's a better pilot than I am.

121	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - GUN PORTS - AFT SECTION -	121
		TRAVELING

		Luke is firing one of the two main laser cannons
		mounted in large rotating bubble turrets.  He adjusts
		his headphones and searches his electronic tracking
		screen for the Imperial fighters.

						LEIA (V.O.)
					(over headphones)
			Here come six more... grid two!

						HAN
			Was this trip really necessary?

		Han jumps into the turret opposite Luke and begins to
		strap himself in.  The pirate starship shudders as the
		Imperial fighters open fire.  Luke's turret swings
		around as he continues to return the fire.  Moments 
		later Han lowers his glare reflector and with a burst 
		of smoke and electrical charge opens up on the enemy
		craft.  One of the Imperial fighters is hit by a con-
		centrated barrage and begins spinning out of control,
		until it finally explodes.  Han gives Luke a victory
		wave, which Luke gleefully returns.

122	EXT. SPACE AROUND ARLDEAAN						122

		Imperial fighters buzz about everywhere.  The constant
		flashing of deflected laser bolts reflect in the inter-
		ior of the turret bubble.

123	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - SLEEP AREA				123

		The robots secure the wounded Ben Kenobi in a bunk.  A
		huge explosion throws Artoo and Threepio crashing
		against the passageway wall.

						THREEPIO
			Here we go again.  How did we manage
			to get into this mess again?

		Over the com-link the princess gives instructions as to
		the enemy formations.  Several more Imperial ships ex-
		plode and disappear from view.  The pirate starship
		undergoes a great deal of punishment as the battle rages.

124	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - COCKPIT - TRAVELING			124

		The cockpit is alive with warning lights and buzzers,
		but Chewbacca manages to keep things under control.

						LEIA
			There are only three or four left.

						HAN
					(over intercom)
			Chewbacca, it's time we showed them
			this isn't the regulation F8-88
			Cargo Trawler.

		Chewbacca pulls back on several of the levers before
		him and the ship surges away from the tiny fighters.
		The pirate starship races through the galaxy at an
		incredible speed.

125	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - GUN PORTS - AFT SECTION -	125
		TRAVELING

		Luke and Han continue to fire at the Imperial fighters.

						HAN
			At this speed they aren't very
			maneuverable...

		One explodes, then another.

						LEIA
					(over intercom)
			They're dropping away... We made it.

		Luke and Han congratulate each other on their victory.

126-127   INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - HALLWAY - SLEEP AREA		126-127

		Leia follows little Artoo into the sleep area where
		Threepio and Luke are trying to make Old Ben comfortable.
		Han finishes putting away some medical supplies as the
		princess enters.

						LEIA
			All the data banks in Artoo are still
			secure.

						HAN
			Then I think we're due the reward
			you offered... and it had better be
			substantial after what we've been 
			through.

						LEIA
			When Artoo has been safely delivered
			to my forces, you get your reward.
			You have my guarantee.

						HAN
			What's that little 'droid' carrying
			that's so blasted important?

						LEIA
			The plans and specifications to a
			battle station with enough fire
			power to destroy an entire system...
			Our only hope in destroying it is
			to find its weakness, which we will
			determine from the data I stored in
			Artoo.

						LEIA (CONT'D)
			We captured the plans in a raid on
			the Imperial shipyards, but we fell
			under attack before I could get the
			data to safety, so I hid it in this
			Artoo unit and sent him off.

						HAN
			Where are you taking us now anyway?

						LEIA
			The fourth moon of Yavin.  I've given
			the coordinates to Chewbacca.

						HAN
			I'd better go see how he's doing.

		Han exits as Old Ben painfully lifts himself on one
		elbow.

						BEN
			They let us go... They're tracking
			us.  They want to find your hidden
			bases.  They'll destroy the system.

						LEIA
			I know they'll follow... and they'll
			bring the Death Star, but our only
			hope is to destroy it before it
			destroys us.  Hiding is useless now.
			With the Death Star they will continue
			to destroy systems until they have
			found us.  We have no alternative
			but to process the information and
			use it while there is still time.

		Threepio helps the old man lie back.

						LUKE
			Are there medical facilities on Yavin?

						LEIA
			He'll be well cared for.

128	EXT. SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN			128

		The battered pirate starship drifts into orbit around
		the emerald green fourth moon of Yavin.

129	INT. PIRATE STARSHIP - COCKPIT - TRAVELING			129

		Han and Chewbacca are at the controls as Luke hurries
		into the cockpit.

						HAN
			I don't pick up any life form
			concentration down there.  She'd
			better be right.

						LUKE
			They must be shielded somehow.  I'm
			sure the base is there.

						HAN
			Well, if it's not, we'll be facing
			that Death Star all by our lonesome.

130	EXT. SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN			130

		Two small lifepods jettison away from the starship and
		slowly drift toward the awesome deep green surface of
		the moon.  Retro-rockets automatically kick in and
		slow the pods.  The two tiny craft break through the
		light cloud cover and disappear in the dense, steaming
		jungles of Yavin's fourth moon.

131	EXT. FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN - VINE JUNGLE			131

		One of the lifepods has come to rest in the middle of
		a small clearing.  Han, Luke and Threepio emerge from
		the capsule into a forest of gargantuan trees shrouded
		in an eerie mist.  The air is heavy with the fantastic
		cries of unimaginable creatures.

						LUKE
			I don't see how we got through those
			trees in one piece.

		A loud crashing sound is heard coming through the
		jungle.  Han instantly draws his laser-pistol and
		then relaxes when he sees that it is Chewbacca leading
		Leia and little Artoo into the clearing.

						HAN
			I don't see how we're going to find
			anything out here.  This terrain is
			hopeless.

						LEIA
			Did it occur to you they might find us?

		The princess has a knowing smile on her face as Han
		looks around in the nearby jungle and realizes they are
		surrounded by twenty rebel Aquillian rangers.  The
		rebel soldiers break out of the dark foliage and approach
		the group.  The princess meets them a short way from the
		group and gives out a series of animated orders.  The
		soldiers begin to rush about.  Four of them attach a
		lifting disk on Artoo and easily carry him off.  Two
		other rangers help Luke lift Old Ben out of the landing
		pod and onto a stretcher.  The princess rejoins the
		group.

						LEIA
			We must hurry to the base.  We have
			little time before the Death Star
			arrives.

						HAN
			I'd like to get paid before that
			eventually.  I don't plan to stick
			around for the fireworks.

		Luke is surprised at Han's desire to leave and is clearly
		disappointed.

132	EXT. FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN - MASASSI OUTPOST		132

		An ancient temple rots in the dense jungle.

133	INT. MASASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM					133

		In the bowels of the temple a massive and sophisticated
		war room has been constructed.  The princess stands
		before a large electronic wall display surrounded by a
		half dozen field commanders.  Luke, Han, Chewbacca and
		Threepio are milling around just outside the war room.
		An OFFICER enters and hooks up a headphone to the dis-
		play board.  Artoo is standing near the princess with
		his arm plugged into a computer panel.

						OFFICER
			The analysis is coming through now.

		Everyone turns to the big board where various schematics
		of a large round space station are displayed.

						OFFICER
			The cross analysis confirms a weak
			point here, near the north axis...

		The display flashes a close angle of the north pole of
		the complex globe.

						OFFICER
			In an area somewhere below the
			generating towers there is a small
			thermal exhaust port.  It is an
			unshielded shaft that runs directly
			into the reactor system.

		A large, sallow-eyed general named AAY ZAVOS fiddles
		nervously with a small hand computer.

						ZAVOS
			The greatest concentration of fire
			power is at the poles... That exhaust
			port looks too small to hit from the
			air... We'll have to land an assault
			force and use delayed link-weapons.

		The GRAND MOUFF TARKIN, the thin commander of the out-
		land Kesselian Dagoons, stands.

						TARKIN
			An assault force is too big.  Their
			lateral defenses are too strong for
			that type of landing.  With all due
			respect, I suggest an attack with
			our smallest, most maneuverable
			ships.  If we can get close enough,
			I think we can target it.

						LEIA
			Correlate the plan into the master
			logic system.  If there is any kind
			of probability ratio at all, we'll
			go ahead with it.  Send out the alert
			... We haven't much time.

		Most of the commanders hurry out of the room.  Two of
		the generals stay with the princess and go over the
		Death Star readout.  Han and Luke watch as the com-
		manders rush out of the war room.  Han is getting im-
		patient and before Luke can stop him, he has pushed
		past the guards and approached the princess.

						HAN
			What about us?  Are we to wait
			forever?  Is our reward to be blown
			to bits on this forsaken system,
			while your fleet mounts some suicidal
			attack on that Death Star?
			Part of my reward is that I be
			around to spend it.

						LEIA
			I have little time for your
			mercenary concerns, but I am
			grateful for the service you have
			given to our cause.  What is your
			price?

		A grin slides across Han's face.

						HAN
			Ten million.

		The two rebel generals look at one another almost not
		believing their ears.  Luke starts to say something,
		but the princess turns to an officer.

						LEIA
			See that he gets it and quickly.

		The princess then turns to Luke.  She is very cold and
		businesslike.

						LEIA
			And you?

						LUKE
			I... I don't know.  I guess I never
			thought about it... I just want to
			help.  I want to be in on the attack.
			I want my own ship.

						LEIA
			If you're as good a pilot as you are
			a swordsman... We're the ones who
			have been rewarded.

134	INT. MASASSI OUTPOST - MEDICAL CHAMBER			134

		Old Ben rests in the cool, dim quiet of an electronic
		medical chamber.  Luke and Han are by his side.

						HAN
			Goodbye, Ben, goodbye, Luke.  This
			is a charter I won't soon forget.
			And I thought it would be a snap.

		He shakes his head.  Luke extends his hand.

						LUKE
			You're a good pilot... I've learned
			a lot from you... I wish you...

						HAN
			I know, but the chances for survival
			here just aren't great enough in my
			book.  I've got what I came for.
			Now I've got to get back to my ship.

		They shake hands.  Han starts to leave, then turns and
		winks.

						HAN
			May the Force be with you.

		Chewbacca is waiting for him outside the room, and they
		hurry off down the hallway.  Luke turns back to Ben.

						BEN
			I want you to take this.

		He pulls the Kiber Crystal out of his tunic and it radi-
		ates a warm glow through out the small room.  Luke takes
		it.

						LUKE
			The Kiber Crystal.

						BEN
			Keep it with you always.  You'll have
			more need of it than I.  It will
			bring the Force to you.  You've
			already learned to feel it... Now you
			must learn to use it.

		Luke lowers his head in a kind of meditation.

						BEN
			You'd better hurry if you're going
			to get to that briefing.

		Luke stands up as Threepio and Artoo enter.

						LUKE
			You'd better be up and around by
			the time I get back.  Threepio, take
			good care of him.

		Luke pats the lanky robot on the back.

						LUKE
			You've done well, Threepio.  You
			have both served us well beyond your
			programming.  When I return, I'll
			have both you and Artoo retired, if
			you like.

		Artoo lets out with a couple of soft beeps.

						THREEPIO
			Thank you, sir.  Your kindness is
			greatly appreciated, but if it's
			at all possible, Artoo and I would
			like to remain in your service.

						LUKE
			I'd consider it an honor.

		He turns and starts out the door.

						LUKE
			Come on, Artoo.  We've got some work
			to do.

		The stubby little droid waddles out of the room after
		his master.

135	INT. MASASSI OUTPOST - BRIEFING ROOM				135

		The Grand Mouff Tarkin stands before a large projection
		of the north pole of the Death Star.  Four squad com-
		manders (BLUE LEADER, RED LEADER, etc.) sit to one side 
		of the giant readout.  The low ceilinged room is filled
		with starpilots, navigators, and a sprinkling of Artoo-
		type robots.  Everyone is listening intently to what
		Tarkin is saying.

						TARKIN
			... You'll have to come straight in,
			then at the last possible moment
			level off and skim the surface to
			this point.  The target is a four by
			four thermal exhaust port that runs
			directly into the reactor system.
			A direct hit straight into the shaft
			should set up a chain reaction that
			will destroy the station... the post
			is ray-shielded, so you'll have to
			use your torpedoes.

		Luke is sitting next to CHEWIE ANTILLES, a hot-shot
		pilot about sixteen years old.  Artoo is sitting next
		to a little R-2 robot, who lets out a long whistle of
		hopelessness and skepticism.

						CHEWIE (BLUE TWO)
			A four by four target at maximum
			speed with a torpedo yet!  That's
			going to be a neat trick.

						LUKE
			It's not so bad.  We used to bulls-
			eye womprats in my T-16 back home.

						CHEWIE (BLUE TWO)
			This will take a little more than
			a barnyard marksmanship, believe me.

		Red Leader, a roguish looking man in his early thirties,
		stands and addresses the pilots.

						RED LEADER
			Take a special note of these
			emplacements.  There is a heavy
			concentration of fire power on the
			lateral axis... also their generating
			towers will probably create a strong
			magnetic field.  It is calculated
			that maneuverability in this sector
			will be less than point three.

						TARKIN
			We must have a direct hit.  Yellow
			squadron will cover for red on the
			first run.  Then green will cover
			for blue on the second.  Any questions?

		A muted buzz moves throughout the room, but there are
		no questions.

						TARKIN
			Then man your ships and may the Force 
			be with you.

136	INT. MASASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR DECK			136

		Luke and little Artoo enter a huge spaceship hangar
		carved out of the interior of the crumbling temple and
		hurry along a long line of gleaming spacefighters.

		Flight crews rush here and there loading last minute
		armament and unlocking power couplings.  Luke is
		stopped by Blue Leader, a rugged, handsome man in his
		forties.  He has the confident smile of a born leader.

						BLUE LEADER
			You're Starkiller?

						LUKE
			Yes, sir.

						BLUE LEADER
			Have you been checked out?

						LUKE
			Yes, sir.  I was considered one of
			the best bush pilots on Sullust.
			I've also had six hours on the T-2.

		Blue Leader has a skeptical look on his face.

						BLUE LEADER
			Six hours, huh?  Well, that's your
			ship there.  You're blue five.  You
			stay glued to me.  I don't want any
			independent operations out there.
			Personally I think it's foolish for
			them to be sending fresh kids out
			on a job like this.  This is no joy
			ride we're going on.

						LUKE
			Yes, sir.

		A warning buzzer sounds and Blue Leader smiles.

						BLUE LEADER
			May the Force be with you.

		Luke makes a short bow from the waist as Blue Leader
		hurries to his ship.  Luke's ground crew has hoisted
		little Artoo into a socket on the back of the one-man
		starship fighter.  Luke climbs aboard the sleek, deadly
		spacecraft.  Blue Leader gives his ground crew the sig-
		nal that he is starting his ion engines.  Luke's CREW CHIEF
		pats him on the helmet and has to yell to be heard over
		the ion engines.

						CHIEF
			That R-2 unit of yours seems a little
			beat-up.  Do you want a new one?

		Luke shakes his head no.

						CHIEF
			Knock them all the way back to
			Alderaan.

		The canopy is closed and the powerful starship moves
		into a deep runway shaft that leads to the outside.  Luke
		checks out the computer readouts as his crew locks down
		the armament.

						LUKE
			Artoo, are you secure?

		The little droid, who is now part of the exterior shell
		of the starship, beeps that he is fine, which reads out
		over the computer monitor.  One of the crewman climbs
		up to the cockpit.

						CREWMAN
			I've removed the lateral casings,
			which should make you about a
			thousand pounds lighter.

		He hangs a small good luck charm inside the cockpit as
		the canopy starts to slide closed.  Luke signals to the
		crewmen that everything is okay.  Other crewmen say
		goodbye to their pilots, some serious, some kidding --
		all with a great deal of hidden emotion.

137	EXT. FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN - MASASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLE	137

		All that can be seen of the fortress is a lone guard
		standing on a small pedestal jutting out above the
		dense jungle.  The muted, gruesome crying sounds that
		naturally permeate this eerie purgatory are overwhelmed
		by the thundering din of ion rockets as four silver
		starships catapult from the foliage in a tight forma-
		tion and disappear into the morning cloud cover.

138	INT. MASASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM					138

		The princess sits quietly before the giant display show-
		ing the planet of Yavin and her four moons.  The red dot
		that represents the Death Star moves ever closer to the
		system.  A series of green dots appear around the fourth 
		moon.  The Grand Mouff Tarkin stands behind the princess
		with several other field commanders.

						TARKIN
			They're all away.  For the first
			time since the take-over, I feel
			real hope.

		Everyone turns as Threepio enters with Old Ben who is 
		walking with a chrome cane.  The old man smiles at the
		young princess.

						LEIA
			Switch them to the main com-link
			system.  Let everyone hear it.

		The voices of the starpilots are broadcast into the
		room.

						BLUE LEADER (V.O.)
			Masassi Base, we have visual contact.

139	EXT. SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN			139

		A small bright speck orbiting the huge red planet of
		Yavin sparkles in the light of the distant sun.  Eight
		rebel starships settle ominously into the foreground,
		moving swiftly toward the orbiting speck.  As the 
		starships move closer, the awesome size of the gargan-
		tuan Imperial space fortress is revealed.

140	INT. BLUE LEADER STARSHIP - COCKPIT - TRAVELING		140

		Blue Leader, in the first ship, signals to the other
		pilots in his wing group.  The many monitors are filled
		with various computer readouts and displays.  Over the
		com-link one of the other starpilots (BLUE SIX) reports
		to Blue Leader.

						BLUE SIX (V.O.)
					(intercom)
			Look at the size of that thing!

						BLUE LEADER
			Cut off, Blue Six.  Stand by.  Blue
			group, move in to cover the south.
			Red group, try for the exhaust port.
			Settle in.  Here we go.

141	INT. LUKE'S STARSHIP - COCKPIT - TRAVELING			141

		Luke adjusts the controls of the tiny starfighter and
		lowers the sunshade on his goggles.

						BLUE LEADER (V.O.)
			Blue Five, does that glare bother
			you?

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			I've got it blocked.  I'm all right.

142	EXT. SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN - BATTLE		142

		Fuel pods are jettisoned.  The starship fighters extend
		their dart-like wings and break off into a power dive
		attack on the space fortress.  A barrage of laser fire
		from the huge fortress creates a wall of death through
		which most of the rebel craft miraculously emerge --
		undamaged.  Multiple laser bolts streak from the star-
		ship fighters, creating small explosions on the complex
		surface of the fort.  Luke directs his fire at one of
		the prime power terminals.  It explodes, generating
		weird electronic arcs that leap off the station's surface.

143-163   INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN STATION					143-163

		Walls buckle and cave in, sucking debris and personnel
		into the vacuum of space.  Alarm sirens scream as sol-
		diers scramble to large turbo-powered laser gun emplace-
		ments.  Officers yell orders through the smoke and con-
		fusion.  Man and robots of various shapes and sizes run
		to their battle stations.  Standing in the middle of the
		chaos, a vision of calm and foreboding, is the evil Sith
		knight, Darth Vader.  Several astro-officers run up to
		him, still putting on the helmets and equipment.

						VADER
			Get to your ships.  I'll take the
			lead myself.  We finally have them
			where we want them.

164	INT. MASASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM					164

		The princess and her generals listen silently to the
		action of the starships over the com-link.  The aides
		and troops move about very quietly listening to the
		battle as they work.

						BLUE LEADER (V.O.)
			Blue One to Masassi Base, we're
			nearing the south pole transmitter
			area.  The magnetic concussion is
			getting very rough.
			We're starting our run.  Tighten it
			up.  Blue Two, tighten it up.  Watch
			those towers.

						CHEWIE (BLUE TWO)(V.O.)
			Heavy fire, boss.  Twenty-three
			degrees.

						BLUE LEADER (V.O.)
			I see it.  Pull in.  Pull in.  We're
			picking up some interference.

						BLUE SIX (V.O.)
			Wow, I've never seen such fire power.

						BLUE LEADER (V.O.)
			Pull in, Blue Two.  Pull in.  Chewie,
			do you read me?  Chewie?

						CHEWIE (V.O.)
			I'm all right, boss.  I've got a
			target.  I'm going in to check it out.

						BLUE SIX (V.O.)
			There is too much action, Chewie.  Get
			out!

						BLUE LEADER (V.O.)
			Break off, Chewie.  Acknowledge.
			We've hit to much interference.  Blue
			Six, can you see Blue Two?

						BLUE SIX (V.O)
			I've lost him.  There's a heavy fire
			zone on this side.  My scanner's
			jammed.  Blue Five?

						LUKE (V.O.)
			He's gone.  No, wait.  There he is.
			Fin damage, but he's all right.

		A sigh of relief sweeps across the war room.

						BLUE LEADER (V.O.)
			Watch your back, Luke.  Watch your
			back!  Squad above you, Blue Five!
			Coming in -- about six ships.

165-171   EXT. SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN - BATTLE -	165-171
		REBEL FIGHTERS

		Two fin-winged Imperial fighters dive on Luke, but he
		does a quick spiral turn and eludes them.

						RED LEADER
			Blue Leader, this is Red Leader...
			We've marked the target and are
			starting our attack run.

						BLUE LEADER
			I copy, Red Leader.  We'll try to
			keep them busy on this end.  Blue
			Five, stay close now...

		Blue Leader and Luke (Blue Five) and Blue Four dive in
		unison through a forest of radar domes, antenna and gun
		towers.  They are followed by four Imperial tie fighters.
		The two rebel ships make a sharp turn and come around 
		behind the Imperial ships.  Blue Four and Blue Leader
		fire into the tie fighters as the six ships crisscross
		the surface of the fortress.

		Suddenly a dense barrage of laser fire erupts from a
		protruding tower, catching Blue Four broadside.  The
		rebel spacecraft bursts into a million flaming pieces.
		Luke has a sudden realization of the danger he is in,
		but it quickly fades as another Imperial fighter moves
		onto his tail and begins firing.  Luke rolls away from
		the enemy ship.

		Blue Leader reacts to the loss of his wing man with a
		renewed attack on the Imperial ships -- one of which
		falls away and hits a prime power terminal, creating an
		arching spectacle.  A chain reaction is set off, creat-
		ing a series of explosions leaping across the surface of
		the fortress from terminal to terminal.

172-174   INT. Y WING REBEL STARFIGHTER - RED LEADER COCKPIT	172-174

		A blazing and out of control Red Leader dives toward the
		Death Star surface followed by Darth Vader in a small,
		spider-like Imperial fighter.

						RED LEADER
			Blue Leader, this is Red Leader.
			They hit us before we could get down.
			You'll need more air cover.  Sith
			Lords...

175-190   EXT. DEATH STAR - SOUTH POLE					175-190

		Blue Leader see Luke has an Imperial fighter on his
		tail.

						BLUE LEADER
			We're on our way, Red Leader.

		Blue Two (Chewie) miraculously dives his ship through
		a virtual sea of laser fire and blasts the Imperial
		fighters chasing Luke into dust.  Chewie signals to
		Luke, who lets out a whooping cheer as Chewie veers
		into a victory roll.

						BLUE LEADER
			Great moves, Chewie.  Red Leader
			needs some help.  We're going to try
			for the exhaust port.  Coincide, Blue
			Five.

		Luke and Blue Three bob and weave in formation toward a
		group of giant towers at the north pole.

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			I see the target.  It looks good.

						BLUE THREE
			I've got it.  We're hit!  We're hit!

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			Eject... Eject.  Blue Three, do you
			read?

						BLUE THREE
			I'm all right.  I can hold it.  Give
			me a little room, Blue Five.  Watch
			it!  Watch it!

		Blue Three wobbles a little, then drops away sharply,
		plowing into a huge laser gun emplacement, causing a
		hideous series of chain reaction explosions.  The re-
		maining starships of the Blue group fly in a tight
		formation and dive between the tall towers near the
		exhaust port.

						BLUE LEADER
			Masassi Base, we're in position and
			staring for the target.  Chewie,
			hold your fire until we're within
			point zero five four.  Make it count.
			Luke, stay close.

		Several ack-ack lasers begin to open fire on the
		approaching spacecraft.  The rebel ships direct their
		fire at a small, glowing blue hole at the base of one
		of the towers.  One of the Blue Four's engines begins
		to smoke and an R-2 unit pops out of the back and
		attempts to repair it.

						CHEWIE (BLUE TWO)
			I'm on it.

		Blue Two dives directly at the small target, is unable
		to pull out and crashes into the base of one of the
		towers.  Blue Leader dives between the towers, firing
		away, but is unable to hit the small hole.

						BLUE LEADER
			It's very small.  It's going to be
			difficult.  Send in the green group.
			I'll try again.

		Luke chases an Imperial chip that is chasing Blue Leader.

		One of the two large fins on the Imperial fighter explodes
		and it careens wildly, leaving an erratic trail of smoke
		before eventually crashing into a solar panel.

191-195   EXT. LUKE'S STARSHIP - BATTLE					191-195

		Luke swings the small craft around the many outcroppings
		of laser towers and transmitters.

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			I'm right behind you, Blue Leader.

						BLUE LEADER
			What's that?

		Out of the gloom streaks Darth Vader firing on Blue
		Leader.  Luke tries to intercept the Imperial ship, but
		Vader outmaneuvers him.  Blue Leader dives on the ex-
		haust port, followed by Darth Vader, who is followed by
		Luke, desperately trying to catch up.

						BLUE LEADER
			Blue Five, break off your cover
			attack.  It's too late.  Make your
			own run on the exhaust port.  Do 
			you copy, Luke?

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			Yes, sir, but I can get him...

						BLUE LEADER
			Forget it, son.

		One of the five large engines on Blue Leader's fighter
		explodes.  He careens wildly, leaving an erratic trail
		of smoke before eventually crashing into a solar panel.
		Luke can hear the sharp laugh of Vader over the com-link.

196	INT. VADER'S IMPERIAL TIE FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING  196

		Darth Vader laughs maniacally as he swings his craft
		around and starts after Luke's ship.

						VADER
			You're next, Blue Five... I have
			this feeling I know you.  The Force
			is strong with you.

197	INT. LUKE'S STARSHIP - COCKPIT - TRAVELING			197

		Luke's hand instinctively goes to the pocket that holds
		the Kiber Crystal.  Its glow lights up the entire cabin.

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			I am Luke Starkiller.  Had we met
			earlier, you would not be here.

198	INT. MASASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM					198

		On the computer display board, several of the markers
		indicating rebel fighters go dark.  The princess gives
		Old Ben a look of amused surprise at Luke's boldness.
		GENERAL DODANA approaches the princess.

						DODANA
			Over sixty percent of our craft have
			been destroyed.  The probability
			projection shows little hope.  The
			Death Star will be in position to
			fire on us shortly.  We will be
			destroyed.  We must escape while
			there is still time.

		The princess gives Dodana a hard look and the cowardly
		general back away.

						LEIA
			There will be no retreat.

199-225   EXT. BATTLE									199-225

		Luke (Blue Five) dives on the Death Star at an incredi-
		ble speed.  He soon realizes Vader is on his tail.  He
		spins his ship to evade the pursuing Dark Lord, but
		Vader is still there.  His ship rock and shudders under
		the nearby impact of Vader exploding laser bolts.  Luke
		straightens his ship out and it skims across the surface
		of the fortress, creating a blur.

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			Approaching target.  I', almost home.

						VADER (V.O.)
			Not yet, my bold friend.

		Vader hits one of Luke's engines and parts scatter in
		all directions.  The ship wobbles, but Luke keeps the
		craft on target and fires his torpedo... It explodes
		harmlessly to one side of the tiny exhaust port.  He
		pulls his ship up to try for another run.

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			Blast it!  Artoo, we tool a little
			back there.  My stability is off
			about twelve degrees.  See if you
			can't jam the connecting relays.
			We have to get stabilized.

		Artoo pops out of his socket and carefully makes his
		way back to the smoldering engine.  Two other rebel
		ships make a dive on the exhaust port.  One is blasted
		away by Vader, the other fires at the exhaust port and
		misses.

						BLUE EIGHT
			There is just too much interference
			with that Sith Lord out there.  It's
			impossible to get an accurate target
			line-up with him there.

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			Hurry with those relays, Artoo.
			We're going to try again.

		Luke's tiny rebel fighter banks and prepares for a second
		attack on the exhaust port.

		Artoo struggles to repair the damage to one of the huge
		engines.  blue Eight moves in next to him.

						BLUE EIGHT
			I'll cover for you, Blue Five.

		The two rebels start their attack dive.  The surface of
		the Death Star races toward them.  Suddenly, streaking
		down from above them, Vader and two other Imperial
		fighters sweep into view with all of their laser cannons
		blazing away.  Laser bolts explode around little Artoo
		as he works frantically to repair the stabilizer.  Laser
		fire hits Blue Eight and he explodes.

						VADER
			You were foolish enough to try again,
			Blue Five.

		The three Imperial fighters dive on the lone rebel star-
		ship.  Luke struggles to keep control of the ship with
		laser bolts streaking past him on all sides.

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			Blast!

						VADER
			The Force is with you, my bold little
			friend, but now I have you...

		Suddenly Vader's wing man explodes into a shower of
		burning fragments.  Vader is surprised and looks around
		for the cause of his wing man's misfortune.

						VADER
			CTR-5, where did that come from?

						CTR-5
			Collision course... watch out!

		Heading right for the two Imperial fighters is Han Solo
		in the battered old pirate starship.  CTR-5 veers radi-
		cally, clipping Vader's solar fin in the maneuver.
		Vader spins out of control.  Han blasts CTR-5 to smoke.

						HAN
			I noticed you were having some
			problems, Blue Five... I thought
			I'd help.

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			Thanks, old buddy.  I'll be with you
			in a second.

		Luke levels his fighter and skims the surface of the
		fortress, through a wall of laser fire.  Artoo beeps a
		message to Luke.

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			That's good, Artoo.  Just keep it
			that way.

		As he passes the exhaust port, Luke fires a torpedo,
		which goes directly down the exhaust shaft.  Luke looks
		down at the glowing Kiber Crystal in his hand.

						LUKE (BLUE FIVE)
			We did it!  I hit it perfectly.
			Let's get out of here.

		Luke veers sharply away from the Death Star as ominous
		rumbles and explosions are heard coming from within the
		huge super fortress.  The rebel ship speeds past the
		large pirate starship and several other surviving
		rebel fighters as they flee from the pending holocaust.
		A sudden great flash replaces the fortress, and a rain-
		storm of rubble pelts the starships.  Several giant ex-
		plosions follow until there is only a smoke cloud where
		the mighty fortress once orbited Yavin.

						HAN
			Not bad, kid.

226-227   INT. VADER IMPERIAL TIE FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING    226-227

		Vader's starship with a bent solar fin limps into the
		vast darkness of space attempting to make it back to
		the relative safety of Alderaan.

228	INT. MASASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR				228

		Luke climbs out of his starship and is cheered by a
		throng of ground crews and pilots.  Little Artoo is
		helped off the back of the starship and he's greeted by
		Threepio.  Luke spots Han and Chewbacca as they enter
		and runs over to them.  he hugs the Corellian pirate and
		the giant Wookiee.  They all laugh and cheer.  The crowd
		parts, revealing Old Ben.  Luke goes to him and bows
		from waist.  The old man embraces him.

229	INT. MASASSI OUTPOST - MAIN THRONE ROOM			229

		Luke, Artoo, Threepio, Han and Chewbacca enter the huge
		ruins of the main temple.

		Hundreds of troops are lined up in neat rows.  Banners
		are flying and at the far end stands a vision in white,
		the beautiful young Princess Leia.  Luke and the others
		solemnly march up the long aisle and kneel before
		Princess Leia.  Artoo and Threepio are rather awestruck
		at the whole event.  Chewbacca is confused.  Old Ben is
		sitting to the right of the Princess, while the Grand
		Mouff Tarkin sits on her left.  Leia is dressed in a
		long, white dress and is staggeringly beautiful.  She
		rises and places a gold medallion around Han's neck,
		then repeats the ceremony with Chewbacca, the robots
		and finally Luke.  They turn and face the assembled
		troops, who all bow before them.

										FADE OUT.

		END CREDITS.

						THE END

The Star Wars
by
George Lucas



Rough Draft [First of four major screenplay drafts]
Lucasfilm Ltd.
5/74

1.  FADE IN:

SPACE

A sea of stars is broken by the vast blue surface of the planet, Utapau.  Five
small moons slowly drift into view from the far side of the planet.  The main
titles are followed by a roll-up:

Until the recent Great Rebellion, the Jedi Bendu were the most feared warriors
in the universe.  For one hundred thousand years, generations of Jedi
perfected their art as the personal bodyguards of the emperor.  They were the
chief architects of the invincible Imperial Space Force which expanded the
Empire across the galaxy, from the celestial equator to the farthest reaches
of the Great Rift.

Now these legendary warriors are all but extinct.  One by one they have been
hunted down and destroyed as enemies of the New Empire by a ferocious and
sinister rival warrior sect, the Knights of Sith.

A small silver spacecraft emerges from behind one of the Utapau moons.  The
deadly little fightercraft speeds past several of the moons, until it finally
goes into orbit around the fourth moon.

2.  WASTELAND - FOURTH MOON - UTAPAU

A harsh gale blows across the bleak grey surface of the Fourth Moon.  The
leaden sky presses down on a lone figure, Annikin Starkiller, a tall, heavy-
set boy of eighteen.  He slowly makes his way across the canyon floor.  The
heavy winds whip at him and make the going extremely difficult.  His face is
covered by a breath mask and goggles.  He stops for a second to adjust the
shoulder strap on his chrome multiplelaser rifle.  Something in the sky
catches his eye, and he instinctively grabs a pair of electrobinoculars from
his belt.  He stands transfixed for a few moments, studying the heavens, then
turns and rushes back in the direction from which he came.

3.  SUPPLY HUT - FOURTH MOON - UTAPAU

A spacecraft, half buried in the dust, rests next to the remains of an
abandoned supply shack.  Annikin makes his way across the colorless landscape
and rushes into the crumbling building.  The interior of the hut is shabby,
but manages to abate the howling winds.  Seated in front of a thermoheater are
Annikin's father, Kane, and his young brother, Deak.  Kane is a large, burly
man, wearing the distinctive robes of a Jedi.  Deak is ten years old, with
dusty blond hair and a large scratch on his cheek.  Annikin slams the door and
removes his gear.  His ruggedly handsome face is caked with many layers of
dust.

ANNIKIN
Dad!  Dad!...They've found us!

Deak looks up from a small cube he has been studying.  His father whacks him
across the shoulder with a braided wire connector.

KANE
Continue with the problem.  Your concentration is worse than your brother's.
(to Annikin) How many?

ANNIKIN
Only one this time.  A Banta Four.

KANE
Good.  We may not have to repair this old bucket after all.  Prepare yourself.

DEAK
Me too!

KANE
Do you have the answer?

DEAK
I think it's the Corbet dictum:  "What is, is without."

Kane smiles.  This is the correct answer.  Annikin is strapping on a utility
belt with chrome laserpistols and lasersword.  Kane rises and starts for his
equipment.

DEAK (Con't)
Ahhh, Pop...

KANE
Deak, do you feel you're ready?

DEAK
Yes, sir.  I've outmarked Annikin in twelve disciplines.  I'm as good...

KANE
All right, son, get your gear.

Deak jumps up with the enthusiasm available only to a ten-year-old and grabs
his gear.  His father frowns and shakes his head.

4.  WASTELAND BLUFF - FOURTH MOON - UTAPAU

Kane Starkiller and his two sons carefully make their way up a rock bluff
overlooking the parked silver Sith spacecraft.  Kane inspects the craft with
his electrobinoculars.

KANE
No tracks.  Bi-lock hasn't been opened....Interior systems are still on....

ANNIKIN
Are we going to wait for him to come out?

KANE
He's not in there....He's baiting us.  I'm surprised they only sent one this
time.  We must be wearing them down, or they must think this knight is
something special....Stay on guard, and keep hidden.  I'm going to work my way
across the ridge and call his bluff.  Better we meet in open combat than wait
for him to ambush us....Keep your guard!

Kane leaves his two sons and  moves off along the obscured ridge.  Annikin and
Deak watch him intently.  Annikin throws down his multiplelaser rifle in
disgust.

ANNIKIN
He should have let me go with him....He's getting too old to make an open
challenge.

DEAK
He's not too old to realize you'd just get in the way.

Annikin ignores his little brother's remark and sneaks a look over the ridge
at the Sith spacecraft.  Kane moves out of the rocks some distance away and
starts toward the starship.  Deak moves to the ridge next to his brother, his
chrome laserrifle sparkling in the reflected light of Utapau.

DEAK
He's making his move....

ANNIKIN
Watch your guard...and cover that weapon.  It shines like a beacon.

Deak reluctantly move away and watches the other direction.  Kane has almost
reached the Sith spacecraft and still there is no sign of its occupant.

DEAK
What's happening?

ANNIKIN
Nothing.  I don't like it.

Kane carefully moves to the main hatch of the starship.  He kicks a valve and
the hatch drops open with a loud clank and rushing gas.  Annikin becomes more
tense as his father carefully moves inside the spacecraft.  Everything is
still.  Even the continual winds seem to have died down.  Moments pass with no
sign of activity inside the enemy starship.  Annikin watches the craft with
his electrobinoculars.  The waiting becomes unbearable.

ANNIKIN
Something's happened!  He's been in there too long.

DEAK
Let me look!  Stand my guard.

Deak takes the electrobinoculars from his brother and studies the silent
spacecraft.  Annikin impatiently scans the opposite horizon.

DEAK
I think the power just went off.  We'd better wait here until someone comes
out.

ANNIKIN
What if he needs help?

DEAK
The power went back on again....

With the aid of the electrobinoculars, Deak watches the running lights of the
starship flash on and off.  Suddenly, something huge moves in front of his
field of view.  Before either of the two young boys can react, a large,
sinister Sith warrior in black robes and a face mask looms over them.  He
carries a long lasersword which cuts young Deak down before he or his brother
are able to raise their weapons.  The startled Annikin backs away in horror,
then settles down and ignites his lasersword, which creates an eerie red glow.

He stumbles over rocks as he attempts to avoid the charging Sith knight.  The
evil warrior swings his mighty lasersword, but Annikin manages to deflect the
intended deathblow.

Finally, Annikin is able to assume a defensive stance, and the two warriors
stand, sizing up each other.  The black knight is at least seven feet tall,
and dwarfs the young Jedi.  They stand for a few moments, almost frozen, then
in a flurry of blows, laserswords clash with the sound of electric snapping
and popping.  Annikin is barely able to hold his own against the experienced
knight.  Many blows are exchanged before the Sith warrior is able to back
Annikin up against a deep crevasse.  Annikin stumbles and almost falls over
the cliff to his death.

The black knight suddenly senses something behind him and whirls around to
face Annikin's father, Kane Starkiller, a Jedi Bendu master.  The Sith warrior
raises his lasersword, but is cut in two before he can bring it down again.
Kane moves to the fallen black knight, and studies him carefully.  Annikin,
still a little wobbly from the whole experience, attempts to stand.  Kane sees
his dead son Deak, and goes to him.  He lifts him into his arms and begins to
weep.  Annikin stands bewildered, watching his father cradle his dead brother.

5.  INTERIOR SITH STARSHIP - WASTELAND CANYON - UTAPAU

Kane Starkiller slides into one of the four seats of the small Sith starship.
Through the front viewing canopy, he watches Annikin drag his younger
brother's body to a small crevasse.  Annikin places a small locket around his
brother's neck, makes a complicated sign with his hand, and dumps the body
into the shallow depression.  The giant engines of the spacecraft begin to
whine, kicking up large clouds of dust.

Annikin climbs into the seat beside his father and removes his breath mask and
goggles.  There are tears in his eyes.  Father and son look out across the
wasteland towards Deak's grave.  The thunderous clap of an explosion is
followed by a small mushroom cloud rising out of the depression.  Annikin
throws a container down in a fit of rage.

ANNIKIN
How many more of them are there?  I want to finish it, once and for all!  I'm
sick of running...when will it stop?

Annikin's father waits silently until his son's tirade is finished.  Annikin
sits silently for a few moments.

ANNIKIN (con't)
I'm sorry.

KANE
Son, plot a course for Aquilae.

Annikin lights up like a Bantha at feeding time.

ANNIKIN
Aquilae!!  You mean we're going home?

KANE
We both need a rest.

Kane pulls back on the throttle, and the powerful spaceship lifts off the
surface of the Fourth Moon of Utapau.

6.  CLOUD SEA - ALDERAAN

A title card appears over a sea of billowing clouds on the gaseous planet of
Alderaan:

Alderaan:  Capital of the New Galactic Empire.

The towering white oxide clouds pass, revealing the Imperial city of Alderaan.

The magnificent domed and gleaming city is perched, mushroom-like, on a tall
spire, which disappears deep into the misty surface of the planet.  The
peacefulness of this nebulous idyll is broken by the increasing wail of ion
engines.   Four sleek stardestroyers, from the Imperial Third Fleet, burst
from one of the huge cumulus range.  The craft are flying in a tight formation
as they bank steeply, and head toward the Imperial capital of the galaxy.

7.  INTERIOR OF STARDESTROYER - ALDERAAN

Stardestroyers are two-man spacecraft crammed with sophisticated electronic
weaponry.  The pilot and gunnery officers sit side-by-side, surrounded by
lighted readouts and switches.  They wear the gleaming black uniforms of the
Empire.

PILOT
Tok-One to chicks:  Shape it up.  Let's make it good.

CHICK-ONE
Does that glare bother you?

PILOT
Use your face shield, Chick-One.

The pilot is cold and professional as he maneuvers his craft closer to the
others.  The positions of the ships are displayed on a readout, along with a
graphic representation of the city.  The pilot gives the gunner a quick look
before he flips his sunshield over his eyes.

PILOT
Here we go.  Count:  three, two, one, now!

8.  REVIEW STAND - PLAZA OF THE DADERS - ALDERAAN

On a huge, austere platform stands the dark Cos Dashit, Lord of Alderaan,
Consul to the Supreme Tribunal, and ruler of the Galactic Empire.  He is a
thin, grey-looking man, with an evil mustache which hangs limply over his
insipid lip.  Standing at rigid attention on his right are several generals,
dressed in the black and grey uniform of the realm.  Five members of the
Supreme Tribunal sit off to the side.  On the emperor's left stands Crispin
Hoedaack, newly appointed Governor of the Aquilaean Systems, a young,
treacherous man with stone-cut, angular features and piercing grey eyes.

They all gaze skyward, as the four gleaming stardestroyers scream low overhead
in an impressive barrel-roll formation.  As the sound of the spacecraft
resonates throughout the glass canyon of the Plaza, the group of dignitaries
return their attention to the parade of Imperial shock troops, and giant air
tanks (which ride magically two to three feet above the ground).

The Plaza of the Daders is filled with a hundred rows of troops as the last
brigade marches into position.  The sound of a thousand men snapping to
attention is followed by a strange silence.  A light wind blows the great red
banner of the Empire, creating a subtle flapping sound.  The emperor's
amplified voice startles many of the troops as it cuts through the quiet.

EMPEROR
Upon this battle depends the survival of the Galactic Empire.  Upon this
battle depends the life and long continuity of our civilization.  Not since
the great Jedi Rebellion has our destiny been placed in such a balance.  This
is to be the most magnificent campaign of all!  You have never been called
without doing something to be remembered, something notable and striking.  The
conquering of the Aquilaean System, the last of the independent Systems, and
the last refuge of the outlawed, vile sect of the Jedi, will have such
important and lasting consequences, that I can't but consider it as an epoch
in history.

To the rear of the Plaza, watching the spectacle over the shoulder of a
curious bureaucrat, stands Clieg Whitsun, a tall, blond young man about twenty
years old.  He seems interested in what the emperor has to say, but keeps
looking around nervously as if someone were after him.  His arm rests across
his head, as he carefully but coolly adjusts a glowing blue ring on his index
finger.  The emperor nears the end of his speech.
        Crispin Hoedaack has moved up to stand next to the sinister monarch.
The troops shout an Imperial salute in response to a particularly partisan
statement.

EMPEROR (con't)
...I have personally asked the Aquilaeans to accept this Treaty of Alliance.
During the long period of negotiation, they have only decided to be undecided.

We will barter no longer.  Governor Hoedaack has been appointed the First Lord
of the Aquilaean System and Surrounding Territories.  This is the last
frontier and the final stone in the great wall of the Galactic Empire.

The troops cheer, ad the emperor escorts Hoedaack inside.  Whitsun moves
quickly away from the Plaza, passing through several check stations, where he
is forced to show his identification.

9.  NIGHT CLUB - ALDERAAN

Whitsun walks into the glass and chrome splendor of one of the famous
nightclubs of Alderaan.  He moves to the long mirrored bar, and sits next to a
rough-looking man, Bail Antilles, dressed in the distinctive gold and furs of
the Galactic traders.

WHITSUN
Your glass is empty.

Whitsun speaks into a small intercom on the bar front.

WHITSUN (con't)
A dantic and...

He looks in Antilles' glass.

ANTILLES
No thanks, Whitsun.  I've had enough.

WHITSUN
Just a dantic then.  Bail, it's not like you to refuse a drink.  You're going
to give Galactic traders a bad name.

A drink appears magically from a small elevator in the bar.  Whitsun takes it,
and then places a pen-like transmitter he has taken from his pocket next to
the intercom.  It creates a low electronic buzz.

10.  BAR OBSERVATION CENTER - ALDERAAN

A controller sitting in front of a row of monitors taps his headphones, then
flips a switch back and forth a couple of times.  He is obviously annoyed.

CONTROLLER
Number eighteen is out again.  Give me a maintenance check.

The controller yawns and puts his feet up on the control panel.

11.  NIGHTCLUB - ALDERAAN

Whitsun leans in close to Antilles.  He is suddenly very serious.

ANTILLES
Whitsun, we've got problems.  They've just grounded all spacecraft, including
trade frigates.  Even the ships under Imperial registry can't move.  Something
big is up.

WHITSUN
I'm afraid they're not waiting for the Alliance Treaty.  They're already
moving against the System.  I've got to get word back.

ANTILLES
The chrome companies are protesting the embargo, but it's going to take some
time.

WHITSUN
Isn't anything moving?

ANTILLES
Military ships, but...

They are interrupted by an Imperial officer, and several stormtroopers.   The
officer shouts over the P.A. system, as the troops rush to block the exits.
Whitsun and the Galactic trader are tense, but remain cool.

OFFICER
Attention:  all Captains and First Officers of Guild Trade frigates will
accompany me to the Ministry of Transport immediately.

Antilles gives Whitsun a hopeless look as the troops check their papers, and
then take Antilles away.   A small fight breaks out in the back of the
nightclub as one of the trader captains expresses his dislike of the Empire.
Whitsun slams his glass to the bar in a gesture of hate and frustration.

12.  GOVERNOR HOEDAACK'S QUARTERS - ALDERAAN

The large, white-on-white executive quarters resound with the high-pitched
laugh of the evil Governor Hoedaack.  He slaps Darth Vader, a tall, grim-
looking general, on the back, and the general's mouth makes the slightest
gesture at a smile.

HOEDAACK
Success, I told you.  We are no longer under the control of the Great
Families....We've gained a true advantage.

Vantos Coll, a member of the Supreme Tribunal, and a man of the grossest
dimensions, appears to be a little worried.

COLL
A rather dangerous advantage.  You still have a System to conquer.

HOEDAACK
But this System will bring us more scientific wealth than that of any other
House in the Tribunal.  We will easily gain control of the directorship.

COLL
Don't underestimate the armies of Aquilae.  They're lead by a Jedi.

HOEDAACK
I've told you about Commissioner Lars, General.  He worries a lot.

VADER
It's a myth that any Jedi still exist.

COLL
General Skywalker is no myth.  When I first arrived at court, he was the First
Bodyguard to the emperor...He lead the Jedi Rebellion.

VADER
Seig Darklighter lead the Rebellion.

COLL
So the emperor would have you think, but I was there.

VADER
Then why wasn't he hunted down like the others?

COLL
Because he is too dangerous, too clever.  Besides, his presence on Aquilae is
still only a rumor.

HOEDAACK
Then why do you believe it?

COLL
Because I knew him.  He's there, alright.  I can sense it.  Mark my words:
Aquilae will not be easily conquered.

13.  COURTYARD - PALACE OF LITE - AQUILAE

A low, sleek "landspeeder," (an auto-like transport which travels a few feet
above the ground on a magnetic field), glides into the courtyard of the palace
of Aquilae.  The planet is desert wilderness, but the palace is a sparkling
oasis, with low concrete walls and great turrets spilling over with foliage
from rooftop gardens.  The speeder stops before an enormous shaded corridor.
Fountains line the beautiful and highly polished, tiled walkway.  Two young
boys, Biggs (7) and Windom (5) are helped out of the speeder by Amber, a one-
armed bodyguard dressed in the flowing white robes of the Aquilaean military.
The two boys run through the long corridors, yelling and screaming, their
little footsteps echoing throughout the palace.

14.  The palace library is a dim, cool room projecting an aura of time-worn
comfort and security.  In the distance, the children can be heard screaming
through the corridors.  King Kayos, silver-haired but amazingly youthful under
a tanned and leathery face, motions for one of his aides to shut the partially
closed door.  He is in the middle of an emergency meeting of the Aquilaean
High Senate.  The twelve men sit in overstuffed chairs, placed in a large
circle.  A large, sallow-eyed Galactic trader named Aay Zavos fiddles
nervously with a small scrap of leather as he speaks.

ZAVOS
My Lord, the chrome companies are with you in spirit, but you must understand,
they can't openly support you.  Imperial trade restrictions are very
unfavorable, and we, of course, favor your independence.

KAYOS
If there were to be war, would your frigates still supply us?

ZAVOS
Your bluntness is to be commended.  It could be arranged.

Count Sandage, a corrupt noble of the Senate, jumps to his feet in a rage.

SANDAGE
This is nonsense!  We have no choice but to approve the Treaty.  If there is
war, the Empire will destroy our entire System with a snap of the finger.
General Skywalker is a dreamer if he thinks he can mount any meaningful
resistance....And you're dreamers if you believe him.  So much trust in one
aged man.  You must see...

At that moment, all heads turn as someone enters the room.  It is General Luke
Skywalker, Commander of the Aquilaean Starforce.  He is a large man,
apparently in his early sixties, but actually much older.  Everyone senses the
aura of power that radiates from this great warrior.  Here is a leader:  a
Jedi general.  He looks weary, but is still a magnificent-looking warrior.
His face, cracked and weathered by exotic climates, is set off by a close
silver beard, and dark, penetrating eyes.  Sandage is somewhat embarrassed and
quietly sits down.

GENERAL
Is there anyone here so naive he believes the Empire would even bother
negotiating if they were contemplating destruction of this System?  Your
Excellencies, this is more than a simple raid on your resources.  You must
reach a decision.

Mir Nash, a thin, birdlike senator, turns to the general.

NASH
General Skywalker, war is a serious business...a deadly business.

GENERAL
Procrastination is a deadly business, Senator.  War is my business.  Have you
approved my defense measures?

The Grande Mouff Tarkin wears the long, black robes of the Aquilaean religion.

He speaks with a high, cracking voice.

TARKIN
An actual war with the Empire is still only a remote possibility.  As a
military treatise, your proposal has certain merits, but in the harsh light of
reality, an attack against the Empire appears to be a somewhat extreme
defense.

NASH
You must understand, General, we are interested in avoiding a war, not
starting one.

GENERAL
There are times when offense makes the best defense.  If that Alliance Treaty
isn't signed, we will need all of the advantage we can get.

KAYOS
Count Sandage, I want you to head the delegation to Alderaan.  You will leave
tomorrow with our answer regarding the Treaty.  My decision will be
forthcoming.

The senators whisper among themselves.

KAYOS (con't)
All right, then.  May the force of others be with you all.

The senators leave in a flurry of hushed conversation.  The general is lost in
thought, and remains in his chair.  Biggs and Windom (Windy), the king's two
young sons, storm through the existing senators and rush on to Kayos' lap.
The king is obviously very proud of the two young princes.  He throws Biggs
into the air, and then catches him again.

WINDY
Me too!  Me too!

BIGGS
Leia's leaving!  Leia's leaving and you gotta say good-bye.

The king picks up Windy and swings him around, then puts him down.

KAYOS
Okay, whippersnapper, go tell your mother and your sister that I'm on my way.

The two boys run out of the room and are heard yelling and screaming down the
hallway.  The king starts out, but stops in front of the general.

KAYOS
Luke, my daughter is leaving for the academy at Chathos.  Won't you come and
wish her well?  It would mean a lot to her.  She truly idolizes you, you know.

Come on, the war will wait.

GENERAL
Of course.  I'm sorry, My Lord.  Politics always seem to distress me.

The general rises, and as they head for the door, Kayos pats him on the back.

KAYOS
I know, Luke.  I feel the Force also.

15.  COURTYARD - PALACE OF LITE - AQUILAE

A large, four-seat speeder sits gleaming in the sun-soaked courtyard.  The
Princess Leia, about fourteen years old, possessing a soft beauty and iron
will, is embracing her mother, Queen Breha, a warm, silver-haired matron.
There are tears in the princess' blue eyes.  Biggs and Windy jump around
inside the speeder, disrupting the efforts of the one-armed Amber to pack
several plaxiform cases.

Leia embraces the king as he approaches with the general.

LEIA
Oh, Daddy, I'll miss you so.

KAYOS
The semester will be over before you know it.  You'll have a grand time.
There are so many new things to learn.  I wish I were going.

He gives her a fatherly smile, and she hugs him again.  The general stands
rather formally to one side.  The princess, her long auburn hair tied in
braids, moves to the general and he bows before her.

GENERAL
May your studies do you honor.

Leia is somewhat embarrassed by the general's formality and can only manage an
awkward smile before returning to her parents at the speeder.

BREHA
Hurry Leia.  You must make it to Yuell before nightfall.

The princess' maids-in-waiting, Alana, a short, stocky girl, and Mina, more
comely (somewhat the same stature as Leia) with long dark hair, giggle and
straighten Leia's dress before she enters the speeder.  The princess and Mina
hug Alana, whose giggles have turned to tears.  The two boys scramble out of
the speeder as Amber helps the princess and her maid into the back seat.  The
speeder is piloted by a trooper of the First Order.  Amber jumps into the seat
beside him, and the speeder starts with a low buzzing sound.  The princess
waves to her family, and Mina waves to Alana as the speeder slowly glides out
of the courtyard.

16.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The war room is a mass of glass enclosures, electronic wall displays,
monitors, and computer stations.  General Skywalker enters a control station,
followed by a covey of military aides of various ranks.  As the group hurry
through the crowded room, men rise and salute the new arrivals.  The general
stops before a giant display of the galaxy.  Small symbols flash on and off
over various portions of the big board.  The general studies it intently.

GENERAL
Montross!

Captain Montross, one of the general's aides, snaps to attention.

MONTROSS
Sir!

GENERAL
What's the TQ on this?

MONTROSS
The last frigate to leave the Imperial capital was at twenty-three forty, Sir.

GENERAL
Have any ships at all left the planet?  (to another aide)  Check with the
Guild on Horton three.

MONTROSS
At twenty four hundred, a full battalion of stardestroyers left for what is
projected to be Anchorhead, or a nearby System.

GENERAL
And no word from Whitsun.  He should have reported by now.  Captain Prue!

An older, academic looking aide, steps forward.

PRUE
Sir!

GENERAL
What do you make of this?

PRUE
A battalion is invasion force...but the Empire controls that entire part of
the galaxy....A revolution, maybe.  At any rate, they're going in the wrong
direction to be any trouble for us.

The general ponders this for a few moments, then speaks almost to himself.

GENERAL
I don't know... It doesn't feel good.

MONTROSS
Sir?

GENERAL
Put 'em on alert.

A loud uproar is heard on the far side of the war room.  Everyone turns to see
a foreign dressed warrior pushing his way past several guards and war-room
bureaucrats.  The warrior, with his long hair tied in an odd bun on the top of
his head, is Kane Starkiller.  He is followed by his son, Annikin, who rudely
pushes the pesky bureaucrats out of the way.

BUREAUCRATS
It's restricted.  You'll have to wait...(etc.)

KANE
Get out of my way, boy, before I grind you into the surface...(etc.)

As the dauntless Starkiller approaches the general, the guards stop in
bewilderment as General Skywalker rushes up to the warrior and embraces him.
The two Jedi warriors laugh jubilantly and slap one another, as the aides and
bureaucrats look on in amazement.

GENERAL
Kane Starkiller - you old muscle-rat!  What a sight!  We heard that you had
been executed.

KANE
So the Empire would like to believe.  I've been in the Kessil System.  You
remember little Annikin.

Kane puts his arms around his son, who has been making eyes at one of the cute
young female aides.  He bows before the General.

GENERAL
He takes after his mother!  (They laugh)  It's so good to see you.

KANE
It's wonderful to be with another Jedi again.  There are so few of us left.

The cute aide goes back to her duties, flirting with Annikin as she passes.
The young warrior pinches her on the ass, which startles her, but she goes on
like nothing happened.

GENERAL
What a sight!

The two Jedi stand looking at one another, hardly believing the other is real.

Finally, the general realizes his aides are standing around, gawking at the
duo.

GENERAL (to the aids)
Wake up, gentlemen.  You're on alert.  Keep me posted on that battalion.

17.  CONTROL STATION - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The general, Starkiller, and his son enter a small glass enclosed control
office.  They sit, and an awkward silence passes as each man waits for the
other to speak.

KANE
I've come for your help.

GENERAL
Anything you ask.  You're a Jedi brother.  We're one.

KANE
My friend, we've been through much together...I've been through much since we
parted.  I've lost much... The Empire has chased us half way across the
galaxy... There is no refuge.  One day they will come here... Take my son as
your Padawan Learner.  He would be a Jedi.  I've trained him from birth.  He's
reached the fifth stage.  He fought in the Kessilian civil wars and commanded
a Hubble expedition to the Cone Systems.  He's a good boy, Luke, and one hell
of a fighter.

The general looks down, somewhat embarrassed.  He scratches his head, then
smiles.

GENERAL
Old friend, you do me too much honor.  I was never a match for you.  Why don't
you finish his training yourself?

KANE
I'm too old, Luke.  I can't go on... You must finish it.

GENERAL
What kind of talk is this?  You're not the old Starkiller I remember.  Too
old?!?

Starkiller suddenly ignites in a rage and swings his left forearm down with a
mighty blow across the solid chrome desk the general is sitting on.  The old
Jedi warrior's forearm cracks in two, spewing forth wires, and many fine
multicolored electronic components.  The artificial limb flops lifelessly to
Starkiller's side.  The warrior rips open his tunic, revealing a plastic chest
stuffed with flashing electric parts.

KANE (angrily)
I'm not the same.  There is nothing left but my head and right arm... I've
lost too much, Luke...I'm dying.

The general bows his head in sorrow for one of the greatest warriors in the
galaxy and a dear friend.

GENERAL
I'm sorry...

KANE
I'm sorry.  I keep losing control.  I'm very tired...Take my son!  The Jedi-
Bendu must survive.  We must pass it on.  Only a Jedi can stop the Empire.
We're very old, Luke.  A new generation of Jedi must be started.  Take him;
teach him the way of the Jedi-Bendu...

Captain Montross bursts into the office and somewhat excitedly salutes the
general.

MONTROSS
Sir, we have picked up something!  An asteroid, or solid comet moving away
from the Anchorhead System.

18.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The general rushes out of the control station and back to the giant Galactic
display.  He is followed by Montross, Starkiller and his son.

GENERAL
Are you sure it's not the battalion?

MONTROSS
A solid object.  It's as big as our Third Moon.

PRUE
It's too large to be man-made, and it's too slow to be a comet.

GENERAL
Analysis?

MONTROSS
It's too far out.

GENERAL
I'll be with the king.  Report as soon as you can get a reading on it.
(turning to Kane's son)  Captain Starkiller, from now on you stick close to
me.

The older Starkiller smiles, and puts his good arm around his old friend.

19.  DINING CHAMBER - PALACE OF LITE - AQUILAE

King Kayos moves his arm around Breha's waist as they stand on a balcony
watching the giant twin suns of Aquilae disappear behind a distant dune range.

The general enters, rather in a rush, followed by the young Starkiller, who is
now dressed in the white uniform of the Aquilaean starforce.  (He still wears
the distinctive Kessilian hair knot.)  They bow before the king.

KAYOS (pointing to the suns)
Aren't they beautiful, General?  "Always and never the same."  You're just in
time for dinner.

GENERAL
I have come for other reasons.  Could....

KAYOS
Relax, General.  We will discuss it, but over dinner.  There are times, Luke,
when I find you a bit too rigid.  Is this your new disciple?

Starkiller is ill at ease and bows again.

STARKILLER
Annikin Starkiller, Sir.

KAYOS
Where's Kane?

GENERAL
He left for the spaceport at Gordon to visit an old friend, Han Solo, the
Ureallian.

KAYOS
We are becoming quite a refuge.

The group sits at a large table, and food is brought in by servants.  They
eat.  Starkiller is nervous and watches the general, to make sure he is being
proper.

GENERAL
My Lord, several events have occurred which lead me to believe we are in
imminent danger of attack.  There is no longer time for discussion and
debate...

KAYOS
What events?

GENERAL
Whitsun, our best agent, has disappeared in the Imperial capital.  There is
unusual military traffic in the S-4 sectors...

KAYOS
Unless you have direct, concrete proof of a pending attack, there is nothing I
can do.

GENERAL
By the time we have proof, it may be too late.

KAYOS
Luke, I'm leaving tonight for Amsel.  I'm meeting with the full assembly first
thing in the morning.  I am not going to approve the Alliance Treaty, and I
will get your defense measure approved.  Just be patient.  You will have the
war code.

GENERAL
Tomorrow may be too late.  My Lord, I need the war code now.  We must get our
forces into space.

KAYOS
But it must be done legally, with everyone's approval.  Tomorrow you will have
that.  I doubt the Empire would attack before receiving our answer.  The
separation of war powers is the one condition upon which you assumed command
of our forces.  You're a friend, Luke, and  I trust you.  But you're also an
outlander who controls a great deal of power.  I can't forsake my oath any
more than you can.  Just be patient.  You will have the code tomorrow.

Captain Montross enters the large chamber and bows before the king.

MONTROSS
I bring a report to General Skywalker, My Lord.

KAYOS
You may deliver it.

MONTROSS
Sir, the asteroid has disappeared from our scopes.  There is no trace of it.

GENERAL
Were they able to analyze it?

MONTROSS
It never came within range, Sir.

The general rises, quickly followed by Starkiller.

GENERAL
Excuse us, My Lord.  We'd better get back.  I will wait patiently for the
approval.

The general and Montross exit the chamber.  Starkiller takes one last bite of
his dinner, then dashes after his mentor.

20.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The general sits rigidly, facing the big Galactic display board.  Several
aides and bureaucrats rush to and fro, ignoring the general.  he is asleep.
Captain Prue approaches the general and snaps to attention.  The general's
eyes open.

GENERAL
What are the results?

PRUE
Negative, Sir.

GENERAL
Are you sure?

PRUE
Absolutely.

GENERAL
It's just not possible.  Something that size can't just disappear without a
trace...Check it again.

PRUE
That's the tenth negative, Sir.

GENERAL
I said check it again.

Captain Prue retreats to a computer station.  The general looks around for
Starkiller.

GENERAL
Starkiller!

Everyone near the general turns, but Starkiller doesn't show.

GENERAL
Where is that boy?  Montross!

Montross rushes to the general and snaps to attention.

GENERAL
Page Starkiller.

Montross goes back to his station and a few moments later, Starkiller is paged
over the P.A. system.  The general waits, watching the big board.  Eventually,
Starkiller stumbles out of an enclosed computer closet, fastening his pants
and tucking in his tunic.  A moment later, the cute female aide rather
sheepishly exits the computer closet.  She is also in the process of putting
her uniform back together.  Starkiller rushes up to the general and snaps to
attention.

The general lets him stand there for a moment, not acknowledging his presence;
then, suddenly, without warning and in one masterful flash motion, the general
stands, grabs a small baton attached to his belt (which immediately ignites
into a four-foot glowing lasersword,) and swings at the young warrior's head.
In an equally quick movement, Starkiller ignites his lasersword and blocks the
general's blow.  Everyone in the war room is surprised and startled.  After a
moment, they rush to the general.  Starkiller and the general stand motionless
for a few moments, with laserswords locked in mid-air, creating a low buzzing
sound.  Finally, the general grins, and Starkiller hesitantly relaxes.  They
lower their swords and turn them off.

GENERAL
You are trained well, but remember, a Jedi must be single-minded, a discipline
your father obviously never learned, hence your existence.  Clean yourself up.

Discipline is essential.  Your mind must follow the way of the Bendu.

STARKILLER
It won't happen again, Sir.  There are many new....

P.A.
General Skywalker, white com.

The general moves to a control station and picks up a phone.

PHONE VOICE
Sir, Captain Whitsun has just been admitted to Med Vac.

GENERAL
What's his condition?

PHONE VOICE
No data, Sir.

GENERAL
I'm on my way.

21.  MED VAC EMERGENCY ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS

Captain Starkiller waits in an outer chamber as General Skywalker rushes into
the Med Vac emergency room where several doctors are working on the prostrate
Whitsun.

GENERAL
What's his condition?  Is he conscious?

DOCTOR
Partially.  He's be all right - a few bruises, primary exhaustion....

Whitsun thrashes around in a semi-conscious state.  He sees the general.

GENERAL
What happened, boy?  What's going on?

WHITSUN (with difficulty)
The Imperial Starforce is already on its way, not far behind me... They're
going to attack.

GENERAL
Are you sure?

WHITSUN
I have tapes...A giant space fortress....

He struggles to give General Skywalker his ring.

GENERAL
As big as our Third Moon?

WHITSUN
Bigger.  It's unlike anything I've ever seen.  Sophisticated deflection
systems.... work in opposition to the suns.

GENERAL
They will show up on our screens at sunrise.  They'll attack before that.

The general rushes into the outer chamber where Captain Starkiller is waiting
for him.

GENERAL
Take the fastest landspeeder to Chathos.  Pick up Princess Leia... and only
Princess Leia.  Return by way of the Great Reef.  Most speed.

Starkiller exits and the general goes to an intercom and pushes several
buttons.

GENERAL
Montross.

MONTROSS
Sir!

GENERAL
Full alert....everything!  Get the Royal Family back here.

MONTROSS
The princess is at Chathos.  There are no transports....

GENERAL
I've already sent Captain Starkiller for her!  Contact the king, first
priority.  He's probably still en route to Amsel.  Use the scan com.  I'm on
my way.

22.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The war room is on full alert.  Everyone is at attention, waiting for the
command that will put them into action.  The general enters a communication
center, followed by many aides.  Captain Montross and the com aide salute.

MONTROSS
We're having a problem getting through, Sir.  There is a great deal of
interference.

PRUE
It could be jamming.

GENERAL
Try a surface link through Amsel.

The aides go back to the com-link system to try to get a line through to the
king.

PRUE
We should be able to spot them at sunrise....That's not too far off.

GENERAL
They'll attack with sunrise.  Until the king gives us that code to start the
war computers, we'll just have to sit tight.

PRUE
All units are on alert, Sir.

GENERAL (to Montross)
Have you made contact yet?  (to himself)  This is one hell of a way to run a
war.

PRUE
Sir?

23.  COURTYARD - ACADEMY OF CHATHOS - AQUILAE

A landspeeder roars into a courtyard of the Academy at Chathos.  Starkiller
jumps out, and runs up to the large, heavy doors of the academy.  They are
locked.  He bangs madly on the carved metallic door, until finally an old
woman manages to swing it open.  Starkiller rushes past her into the main
courtyard where Princess Leia and her hand-maiden, Mina, struggle with two
large cases.  They are followed by two very old matrons, dragging several more
cases.

STARKILLER
Forget the cases - we've no time.

LEIA
These are my things.  They must...

STARKILLER
I said forget them, and hurry...

LEIA
Just who do you think you are?

Starkiller grabs the princess by the arm, and hauls her to the speeder.  Mina
and the old women run after them.

LEIA
I will not be treated like this!   You bring my things.... My father will have
your head... (etc.)

Leia struggles to break away from the young warrior's grasp as he opens the
door of the speeder.

STARKILLER
Settle down!

When the door to the speeder is opened, Mina starts in, and Starkiller stops
her.

STARKILLER
You must stay.  Here, take the Crest.

Starkiller rips the royal crest from the princess' neck, and hands it to the
startled handmaiden.  The old women gasp in horror.  The princess starts
hitting Starkiller with little result.

PRINCESS
Mina's not staying...I'm not leaving her.  You can't....

Starkiller punches her square on the jaw and knocks her cold.  Mina is panic
stricken, one of the old women faints, and another starts for Starkiller with
a large staff.

STARKILLER
She'll be all right.  I'm taking her to safety...as ordered.  You will wear
the crest and continue as before.

The authority of Starkiller's voice stops the old lady.  He places the
princess into the speeder, and maneuvers it out of the courtyard.  Mina puts
on the crest as the speeder races away from the academy.

24.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Queen Breha, Biggs and Windy are escorted into a rest area of the war room.
General Skywalker sits rigidly in a chair in the communications area,
apparently asleep.

MONTROSS
Sir, we've made contact!

The general opens his eyes and takes the intercom mike.

KAYOS
What is it, General?

GENERAL
The Empire will attack on the rising of the sun.  My agent made it back.  I
now have proof.  I need the war code...

KAYOS
I'll relay it directly to the computer.  Is Breha...?

GENERAL
The Royal Family is safe.  Starkiller has gone after Princess Leia...

KAYOS
I'm on my way back.

25.  RED PLAINS - AQUILAE

The small caravan of four speeders sits motionless on the vast red plains of
Aquilae.  The king returns the intercom to the pilot and takes a small
metallic card from around his neck and gives it to the co-pilot.

KAYOS
Send this sub-land, priority one.  (to the pilot)  Get us back to Calvas
immediately!

The four speeders turn around and scream away in the direction they had come.
They pass a huge ultrasleek powerplow, planting green fungus in endless
furrows.  Two clay-covered farmers, riding atop the ponderous machine, watch
the speeders disappear over the horizon, and into the rising twin suns.  A
bright object, twinkling in early morning heavens, catches the eye of the
older of the two farmers, and he brings the machine to a lumbering halt.  The
younger farmer also notices the object, and stares skyward, shading his eyes
to get a better view.

Suddenly there is a huge, bright atomic flash on the horizon.  A few moments
later, a thunderous shaking, followed by high winds, tumbles the older farmer
from his perch.  A second flash on the opposite horizon brings another jolting
earthquake, and the younger farmer collapses, terror frozen on his face.

26.  READYROOM - SPACEPORT OUTPOST - AQUILAE

Chaos.  Red scramble lights are flashing.  Alert horns and attack buzzers
create an unbelievable cacophony.  Air warriors, with the distinctive circle
and cross medallion on their white space suits, scramble out of the low,
concrete readyroom, grabbing helmets and spacepacks as they race out of the
door.

27.  ATTACK RUNWAY - SPACEPORT OUTPOST - AQUILAE

Twelve pilots and navigators dash in unison to a line of waiting two-man
starships of the destroyer class.  Ground crews scurry back and forth, loading
last-minute armament, and unlocking power couplings.  Pilot Leader, a rugged,
handsome boy of twenty, gives his ground crew a signal that his is okay.  He
has a winning smile and a distinctive scar along the side of his face.  His
crew chief pats him on the back.

CHIEF
Knock them all the way back to Alderaan.

The canopy is closed and the powerful starship moves onto the runway.  Other
crewmen say good-bye to their pilots, some grin, some kidding - all with a
great deal of hidden emotion.  The din of two dozen retrorockets cuts through
the uproar, and six silver spacecraft leave the runway, and disappear into the
morning cloud cover.

28.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The general stands before a giant display of the Aquilaean solar system.
Montross signals the general.

MONTROSS
They're away, Sir.  Six from Gordon.  All other spaceports were hit.  The king
hasn't arrived yet.

GENERAL
Keep checking.  Put those fighters' intercom over the P.A.

The general sits at one of the intercom panels, and puts on a headphone.  A
row of monitors is before him.  He turns to Montross.

GENERAL
Where are they?

29.  SPACE - AQUILAE IN ECLIPSE

The eerie, reddish-yellow planet of Aquilae slowly drifts into view from total
eclipse.  A small, bright speck, orbiting the planet, sparkles in the light of
the twin suns.  The six deadly Aquilaean starships settle ominously into the
foreground, moving swiftly toward the orbiting speck.  As the sleek starships
move closer, the orbiting speck is revealed to be a gargantuan space fortress.

The moon-sized satellite fortress dwarfs the approaching fighters.  Every few
moments, explosions create blinding flash on the planet's surface, as the
fortress bombards the planet with a fusillade of laser bolts.

30.  AQUILAEAN STARSHIP - INTERIOR

Pilot Leader, in the first ship, signals to his navigator who sits in a small,
isolated glass bubble to the rear of the craft.  General Skywalker is seen on
one of many monitors.  A view of the space fortress is on another.  The rest
are filled with various computer readouts and displays.  One of the other
starships reports to Pilot Leader.

DEVIL SIX (intercom)
Look at the size of that thing!  Hey, Bowman, I hope you remembered to bring
your pop gun, 'cause I think we caught us a big one this time....

PILOT LEADER
Cut off, Devil Six....Stand by.

GENERAL (monitor)
It looks like they're still using the basic quad-tristation configuration.
Use a "ranger defense."  Concentrate on breath ports and lock areas.

PILOT LEADER
Affirmative base...Copy and transmit....Devil Two, check your rotation plates.

DEVIL TWO
Roger, Boss.  We're getting a threshold disturbance on gyro-three.

GENERAL (monitor)
Switch over, Five, cover it! ...Devil pack, generate a spread six
formation...May the force of others protect you.

PILOT
Settle in...Devil pack, stand by.  Mark five...break off.  Here we go.  God
save us all.

31.  SPACE - AQUILAEAN STARSHIP

Fuel pods are jettisoned.  The half-dozen fighters break off into a powerline
attack on the huge fortress.  Multiple laserbolts streak from the starships,
creating small explosions on the complex surface of the fort.

32.  INTERIOR MAIN CORRIDOR - IMPERIAL SPACE FORTRESS

The chaos of battle echoes through the vast corridors of the fortress.  Walls
buckle and cave in, sucking debris and personnel into the vacuum of outer
space.  Alarm sirens scream as soldiers scramble to large turbo-powered laser
gun emplacements.  Sergeants yell orders through the smoke and confusion.  Men
and robots of various shapes and sizes run to their battle stations.

33.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The monitors with pictures from the starships suddenly go blank.  Technicians
check channels as others in the war room silently listen to the action over
the intercom.  The general remains calm, but concerned.

PILOT LEADER (intercom)
Tighten it up... Devil Two, tighten it up.  Watch those towers....

DEVIL TWO (CHEWIE)
Heavy fire, Boss.  Twenty-three degrees.

PILOT LEADER
I see it.  Pull in... we're picking up some interference.

DEVIL SIX
Wow, I've never seen such fire power.

PILOT LEADER
Pull in, Devil Two...Pull in!  Chewie???!!

DEVIL TWO (CHEWIE)
I'm all right, Boss.  I've got a target.

DEVIL SIX
There is too much action, Chewie.  Get out!

PILOT LEADER
Break off, Chewie....Acknowledge.  Devil Six, can you see Devil Two?

DEVIL SIX
I've lost him.  There's a very heavy fire zone on this side.  My radar's
jammed.

DEVIL FIVE
He's gone....no, wait.  There he is...Fin damage, but he's all right.

A sigh of relief sweeps across the war room.  The monitors flash on, then off
again.

DEVIL FOUR (intercom)
Watch your back, Boss!  Watch your back!!

34.  AQUILAEAN STARSHIP

The speedy little fighters dart back and forth across the soft underbelly of
the fortress, leaving a trail of destruction behind them.

PILOT LEADER
Converge on south axis point, point three nine four.  It appears accessible.
I'm going to map the surface.  Devil Four, cover me!

Pilot Leader and Devil Four dive in unison through a forest of radar domes,
antennae, and gun towers.  Devil Four fires into the protrusions as the two
starships criss-cross the surface of the fortress.  Suddenly, a dense barrage
of laserfire erupts from a tower, catching Devil Four broadside.  The
spacecraft bursts into a million flaming pieces.  Pilot Leader reacts to the
loss of his wing man, but continues on his mission.

35.  SUB-HALLWAY - IMPERIAL SPACE FORTRESS

Constant explosions rock the interior of the fortress.  Civilians, including
women and children, scurry for safety in the panic-ridden hallways.  Two
construction robots, Artwo Detwo (R2D2) and See Threepio (C3P0), are blown,
slipping and sliding across the hallway floor into some freight canisters.
Both robots are rather old and battered.  Artwo is a short, (three feet) claw-
armed tri-pod.  His face is a mass of computer lights, surrounding a radar
eye.  Threepio is a tall, gleaming android of human proportions.  He is thin,
with a totally metallic surface of an Art Deco design.  The robots attempt to
get out from under the canisters, but rushing gas from a broken pipe keeps
knocking them over.

THREEPIO
This is madness; we're going to be destroyed.  I'm still not accustomed to
space travel.

ARTWO
The external bombardment does appear to be concentrated in this area.  The
structure has exceeded the normal stress quotient by point four, although
there appears to be no immediate danger.

THREEPIO
No immediate danger!  You're faulty.  This is madness!

Artwo gives Threepio a sheepish look and clings to a siderail for dear life,
as debris flies through the hallway.

36.  AQUILAEAN STARSHIP

Devil Two (Chewie), a young hotshot of about sixteen years, miraculously dives
his ship through a virtual wall of laser fire, and blasts a huge radar disc
into dust.  Chewie signals his navigator, who lets out a whooping cheer, as
the craft veers into a victory roll.

PILOT LEADER
Great moves, Chewie.  Regroup at point two, zero one.  Coincide, Devil Six.

GENERAL
Mace, your map projection shows a weak point at south portal:  niner point
six.  Concentrate the attack on that point.  Coordinate.

PILOT LEADER
I see it... It looks good.

Devil Five and Devil Three bob and weave in formation toward a giant
transformer jutting from the fort's surface.

DEVIL THREE
I've got a... We're hit.  We're hit.

PILOT LEADER
Eject...Eject.  Babs, Babs, do you read?

DEVIL THREE
I'm okay.  I can hold it.  Clear me a little, Devil Five... Watch it!  Watch
it!

Devil Three wobbles a little, then drops away sharply, plowing into a lasergun
emplacement, causing a hideous series of chain reaction explosions.

37.  SUB-HALLWAY - IMPERIAL SPACE FORTRESS

A huge explosion rips a large hole in the ceiling of a subhallway.  Artwo and
Threepio are in a state of shock as they scramble through the rubble.  There
is a constant sound of creaking and snapping as the sections of the hallway
resettle in the fortress superstructure.

ARTWO
You're a mindless, useless philosopher... Come on!  Let's go back to work; the
system is all right.

THREEPIO
You overweight glob of grease.  Quit following me.  Get away.  Get away.

Suddenly, the hallway lurches, and a dead trooper falls through a gaping hole
in the ceiling.  The foot of the carcass is caught in the rubble and it hangs
upside down, staring at the two robots.  Artwo grabs Threepio, and they cling
to each other in terror.

ARTWO
We're lost.  We're destroyed.

Three sharp blasts from an airhorn send the two androids running for cover in
a burned-out doorway.  Five grim-faced troopers riding small rocket platforms
pass the two mechanical men.

38.  GOVERNOR'S QUARTERS - IMPERIAL SPACE FORTRESS

The five troopers race through several hallways, and finally stop in front of
an important looking office complex.  Two officers dismount and enter the
complex.  They pass through several heavily guarded doorways until they reach
the main chamber.  Seated behind a large, cluttered desk surrounded by
generals and attaches is Governor Hoedaack.  General Vader paces in front of a
row of blank monitors.  The two officers salute General Vader.

FIRST OFFICER
All com-link power is out.  Twenty-two transformer sections have been
destroyed.  The situation is grave on all southern levels.  Com-link
communication should be repaired shortly.

The officers salute, turn and leave the chamber.  The general turns to
Governor Hoedaack, who looks a little worried.

VADER
Don't look so worried.  Not even a Jedi could penetrate this fortress...We've
already wiped out most of their forces.

HOEDAACK
If it goes on too long, we'll run over budget.  When do the landings begin?

VADER
As soon as the attack has been broken:  not long.

A short, stocky attache salutes the general.

ATTACHE
Contamination has set in on quadrants B-5 and R-4.  All sections are sealed.
We've lost two major power stations in the southern quadrants.  That puts
section 5-1 in serious trouble.

The general turns away in controlled anger and embarrassment.

39.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The general sits in a glass enclosed computer station, watching the battle
progress on several monitors.  An officer enters and salutes the general.

OFFICER
Analysis reports those ZQ configurations are definitely power
transformers...Everything in the southern sectors of the fortress is out.

GENERAL SKYWALKER
I'm surprised they are still using external power units.  It's a definite weak
point.  Concentrate on searching for the main crosslink transformer.

The officer exits as Montross rushes in.

MONTROSS
The senate has voted to end the war.

GENERAL
They can't do anything without the king's approval; which gives us a little
time...Have you been able to regain contact with the king?

MONTROSS
No, Sir.  All ground communications are jammed.

GENERAL
Send four men..from third squad, to meet the king, and escort him back.  Let
me know before he arrives.  Is Starkiller back with the princess?

MONTROSS
No, Sir.  They're long overdue.

Pilot Leader checks in over the intercom.

PILOT LEADER
All right, base one, we're in position.

An officer with headphones looks to the general.  He signals to attack.

40.  AQUILAEAN STARSHIPS

All four starships dive in formation toward a main transformer area, flanked
by several solar towers.

PILOT LEADER
Hold your fire until we're within point zero five four... Make it count.

Several ack-ack lasers begin to open fire on the approaching spacecraft.  The
starships direct their fire at a large black transformer, which when hit,
spurts bright blue and white electrical arcs.  One of the starships (Devil
Five) explodes and careens out of formation, leaving an erratic trail of
smoke, before eventually crashing into a solar panel.

41.  SUB-HALLWAYS - IMPERIAL SPACE FORTRESS

The impact of the exploding starship can be felt throughout the giant
fortress.  The tall, gleaming Threepio races through several corridors,
yelling at Artwo, who struggles vainly to e keep pace with his stubby
mechanical feet.

THREEPIO
....I don't care what you do, but I'm getting out.  All the power's out.
Those explosions are coming from the reactor section.  This is the end.
Abandon ship.

ARTWO
Our work - we can't leave!  It's desertion.  It's not possible.  It's not
possible.

THREEPIO
Your programming is so limited.  My first order is preservation.  You stay.
I'm going to eject before the whole thing goes up.

Threepio breaks open the seal on an emergency lifepod.  A red warning light
begins to flash, and a low hum is heard.  The lanky chrome android works his
way into the cramped four-man craft.

ARTWO
These lifepods aren't for us!  It's not right!

A new explosion, this time very close, sends dust and debris through the
narrow passageway.  Flames lick at the two robots.  The runt-sized Artwo jumps
into the lifepod.

ARTWO
It's the end.  Eject.  Eject.

The safety door snaps shut, and the pod ejects from the fortress.

42.  AQUILAEAN STARSHIPS

The terrified androids in the lifepod speed away from the fortress, and pass
the attacking starships.

DEVIL TWO
Object approaching.  Attack bearing...

DEVIL FOUR
It's a lifepod.  Forget it.  We've got...

Devil Four is hit by laser fire, and disintegrates, leaving a trail of flaming
particles.  The two remaining craft continue the assault.  Chewie and Pilot
Leader watch the remains of Devil Four disappear.  The general appears over
one of the monitors.

GENERAL
Analysis indicates transformer code zero three is the main relay.  Hit it, and
the whole thing goes dead.

PILOT LEADER
We're on our way.

43.  GOVERNOR'S QUARTERS - IMPERIAL SPACE FORTRESS

A row of monitors and the main overhead lights go on, and a trooper appears on
one of the screens.

TROOPER
Internal relays operative.  All power restored.  All contaminated areas
sealed.

An officer appears on another monitor.

OFFICER
Only two enemy craft remain operative.  We calculate victory by zero three
hundred.

General Vader switches to another monitor.

VADER
Alert the invasion forces.  (turning to the governor).  The planet is ours.  A
three hour war.  You expected longer.  Jedi or not, we've beaten him, and the
culture is intact.

HOEDAACK
A truly great prize for the Empire.  They have a treasure of biotic science.
Genetics, cloning - they've added two-hundred years to a lifespan.  Remember,
you must capture at least one member of the Royal Family alive.  The Aquilae
family has ruled this system for ten thousand years.  The people will follow
no other.  If the royal line is broken, there is a good chance the entire
population will destroy themselves and their knowledge before submitting to
our rule.

The general is interrupted by a call on one of the monitors.

OFFICER (on monitor)

We've received a message from the planet....

44.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

General Skywalker watches a giant computer display of the space fortress
mapped by the starships.  An aide approaches.

AIDE
Sir!  The king's convoy has destroyed at Caldin.  All the bodies were
contaminated.

GENERAL
I will audience with the queen.... Who knows of this?

AIDE
Many.  It came through civilian sources.

GENERAL
Confine Senator Sandage to his quarters.  Use any pretext.  Where is the
senator now?

Sandage and several other senators enter the computer station.

SANDAGE
Right here, General...It's over.  We've already relayed peace terms to the
Empire, and they've been accepted.  Your war has ended.

The general is angry and stands pointing at the senators.  They jump back, as
if the general were pointing a gun at them.

GENERAL
Senator, this war isn't over.  It's just begun.  I take my commands from the
Royal Family.

SANDAGE
The queen concurs.  I have her written decree.  It is to be implemented
immediately..... I order you to cease the attack.

GENERAL
Not likely...

SANDAGE
Treason?  Revolution?  The people won't follow you, General...nor will your
troops.  I suggest you follow your orders.

General Skywalker stands angrily pondering the situation.  Sandage and the
other senators are tense, a little afraid that he might cut them down on the
spot.

SANDAGE
Well, General?

45.  LIFEPOD - SKY OVER AQUILAE

The reddish-yellow mass of Aquilae seems to engulf the tiny lifepod containing
the two fleeing androids.

ARTWO
It's desertion.  They'll destroy us.  How could this happen?

THREEPIO
That's funny.  The damage doesn't look as bad from out here.

46.  AQUILAEAN STARSHIPS

Pilot Leader and Devil Two make a second dive on the now smoldering
transformer area.  All firing from the fortress suddenly stops.  Pilot Leader
looks back to his navigator, who is equally puzzled.  The two fighters
continue to attack the now silent fortress.

CHEWIE (DEVIL TWO)
I don't get it.  What do you think, Boss?

General Skywalker appears on the monitors.

GENERAL (with difficulty)
Base one to Devil Leader...Scramble code niner.  Break your attack, and return
to base.  Repeat, break your attack.  Confirm.

PILOT LEADER
They're hurt, Sir, but they still have power.  We should finish....

GENERAL
Break off.  The war is over.  Run on white lights.  Get back here, Mace.
We're going to need you.

PILOT LEADER
Confirmed, base one.  We're on our way.  Did you copy, Chewie?

DEVIL TWO
Roger, Boss.

The two starfighters break off the attack and start back toward the planet.
Without warning, the fort directs concentrated fire at the two starfighters.
Devil Two instantly bursts into flames, then disintegrates.  Pilot Leader's
tail section is hit, and the ship pinwheels toward the planet.  Blood covers
Pilot Leader's immobile face.

PILOT LEADER'S NAVIGATOR
We're under fire...They're still shooting.  I thought it was over.  We're hit!

We're hit!  Pilot is dead....Ejecting.

The dead "Pilot Leader" is jettisoned free of the craft, but the navigator's
eject panel is dead.  He struggles with it, then bangs on the canopy to no
avail.  The navigator is still trapped in the craft when it explodes, leaving
only a puff of pink smoke reflected in the rim light of the planet.

47.  DESERT NEAR OUTPOST - AQUILAE

Pilot Leader's dead body drifts toward his arid mother-planet.  Automatic
rockets kick-in occasionally, to direct and soften the landing.  Two grey-clad
troopers stand next to a military "landspeeder;" watching the descending
airwarrior through electrobinoculars.  Mace's corpse hits the ground rather
hard, creating a whirlwind of dust, and the two troopers rush over to the
pilot.  The younger of the two troopers, a young boy in his teens, cradles the
dead starpilot in his arms and begins to cry.

48.  WAR ROOM - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

General Skywalker sits alone, meditating in the deserted war room.  Montross
approaches the contemplative general.

MONTROSS
No sign of Starkiller or the princess.  There was much damage in that
area...The queen will see you at ten hundred.

The general doesn't reply.

49.  ASSEMBLY - DEPARTURE AREA - IMPERIAL SPACE FORTRESS

General Vader stands behind a row of men at computer control panels.  A
commander reports to the general.

COMMANDER
All enemy craft destroyed.  First and fifth division, troops and equipment
standing by.

The general gives a sly smile of approval and takes a microphone from one of
the computer technicians.  He speaks to the troops and pilots waiting in their
huge war machines for the invasion order.

VADER
The war is won.  With the conquering of this System we have ushered in a new
millenium for the Empire; which will echo throughout the universe.  Our reward
is the knowledge this system possesses.  This planet must be controlled with a
minimum of force, but you must not think lightly of this enemy.  They have
exacted a heavy toll.  Today you will make the Empire complete.  Do so with
pride and care.

Vader puts down the mike, and turns to his commander.

GENERAL
Let the invasion begin.

50.  EDGE OF THE DUNE SEA - AQUILAE

Jundland, or "no man's land," where the rugged desert mesas meet the
foreboding dune sea.  The two helpless astro robots kick up clouds of dust as
they clumsily work their way across the desert coastline.  The short Artwo
struggles desperately to keep up with the long-legged Threepio.

ARTWO
It's not possible.  We're not built for this.  You're nothing more than a dim-
witted, emotion-brained intellectual.  Why you were created is beyond my logic
systems.  Thanks to you, we're deserters, and will probably be destroyed on
sight.  And on top of that, you're going the wrong way!  All this filth is
getting....

The towering Threepio stops short and turns on the blabbering mechanical runt.

THREEPIO
I've had enough of you, you pragmatic, nearsighted scrap pile.  You go your
own way.

He picks up the tiny robot and tosses him several feet into a large sand dune.

Threepio starts off in the direction of the dune sea.  Artwo struggles to his
feet, and shakes a metallic claw arm at his disappearing ex-partner.

ARTWO
You'll be malfunctioning within a day.  You're going the wrong way, but your
way is always the wrong way.

Threepio stops and yells to the smaller android.

THREEPIO
And don't let me catch you following me, begging for help, because you won't
get it from me.

Artwo's reply is a rather rude sound, which only an electronic person could
make.  He turns and trudges off in the opposite direction into the rocky
desert mesas.

51.  DUNE SEA - AQUILAE

Threepio, hot and tired, struggles up over the ridge of a dune, only to find
more dunes, which seem to go on for endless miles.  He looks back in the
direction he came.

THREEPIO
You little malfunctioning twerp.  This is all your fault.  You tricked me into
going this way, but you'll do no better!

He sits in a huff of anger and frustration, knocking the sand from his joints.

52.  DESERT MESA - AQUILAE

Artwo stumbles through a narrow canyon until he climbs over a small boulder
and sees before him a sight he first thinks is a mirage.  Nestled in a rock
formation is a deserted landspeeder.  Once the little robot is convinced that
he is alone, he approaches the battered speeder and begins to analyze it.  He
climbs into the pilot's seat, and attempts to start the unfamiliar transport.
He hears a sound, and stops for a moment.  He sees nothing, so he continues to
fiddle with the control panel until the speeder lurches forward with a start,
banging into a large rock.  The stubby android is shaken, but neither he, nor
the speeder, seems to be damaged.

Shivers run down Artwo's metal spine, and again he has an eerie feeling that
he is being watched.  He slowly looks around, and sees a large man, Captain
Starkiller, standing directly behind him.  He is startled, then terrified.

STARKILLER
Where is your master?

The little robot clicks and rattles, but doesn't speak.

STARKILLER (Con't)
Can't you speak?  How do you relate your data?  You're of Karollian
manufacture...You should be able to talk.  Are you damaged?

Starkiller pokes at the machine, but doesn't see any damage.  Artwo eyes him
suspiciously.  The robot turns with a start and discovers a young girl,
Princess Leia, has been standing next to him for some time.

PRINCESS (sarcastic)
Well, General, who's your friend?

STARKILLER
I don't know.  He doesn't seem to be able to talk.  Damaged,
probably....Jettisoned from a damaged ship...

PRINCESS
What do you intend to do with it?

STARKILLER
We'll take it with us.  Could be a storehouse of valuable information.

Starkiller guides the android into the small luggage area behind the front
seat, then hops into the driver's seat.

PRINCESS
I don't want to ride with that hing.  I order you to destroy it immediately.

STARKILLER
Get in!  We've got to hurry if we're going to get across the "dunehedge" by
nightfall...You're coming, one way or the other.  Will you join us peaceably?

The princess reluctantly gets into the speeder, and it starts with a jolt.

53.  LANDSPEEDER - DESERT MESAS - AQUILAE

The speeder flies along, a foot or so above the landscape.

PRINCESS
You are such a barbarian.  I'll have my father cut you into little pieces when
we get back...and I'll take pleasure in feeding you to the Gonthas....a little
bit each day.  I may save your eyes though.  I'll have them petrified and made
into a necklace.

STARKILLER
Your sweetness is only surpassed by your beauty.  Just try to remember, I'm
only following orders.

PRINCESS
... to beat me and abuse me?

STARKILLER
I'm afraid I've only learned one way to treat wild animals.

Artwo thrashes about, trying to relieve the pressure on his crumped legs.

PRINCESS
You stay out of this.

54.  DUNE SEA

Threepio struggles to the top of a large dune.  He is dirty and hot.  His
plight seems hopeless.  He searches the horizon for any sign of life.  A glint
of reflected light in the distance reveals an object speeding toward him.  The
chrome android waves frantically, and yells at the approaching speeder.  The
sleek landspeeder races past him about a hundred yards away.  He runs after
it, screaming in desperation, until he stumbles and falls head over heels down
an enormous sand dune.  Silently, the speeder sweeps around in a circle and
stops behind the immobile robot.  Starkiller jumps out of the landspeeder and
is quickly followed by Artwo.

PRINCESS
We're in a hurry, remember!  If you're going to stop for everyone unfortunate
along the way, we'll never get back.  We're lucky you got the speeder running
as it is.

Artwo waddles up to his fallen partner and starts pulling on his leg, then
runs up and starts pulling on his arm.

ARTWO
Function!  Function!  It's me.  Come on, function.

STARKILLER
Well, my little friend, you've found your tongue.

ARTWO
We must help him... We've been lost.

STARKILLER
Where did you come from?

The little robot runs around his fallen partner giving him small electric
charges from his claw hand.  Threepio shudders from head to toe, then regains
consciousness.

THREEPIO
What happened?

ARTWO
You're overheated.

STARKILLER
Where did you come from?

ARTWO
We were jettisoned from six twenty-nine, P.R. one.

STARKILLER
I'm unfamiliar with that ship.  What type is it?

THREEPIO
It's a class M station, not a conventional craft.

Threepio then stands and shakes the young Jedi's hand.

THREEPIO (Con't)
I'm Seethreepio, Human-Cyborg Relations.  Your kindness is greatly
appreciated.

Starkiller and the two robots walk back to the speeder.

55.  Both Artwo and Threepio are stuffed into the tiny luggage compartment.
It is late in the day when the speeder rumbles to a stop in a small desert
canyon surrounded by steep cliffs and broken boulders.

STARKILLER
We'll rest here.

THREEPIO
At last.  The transport is welcome but my joints are frozen.

Everyone climbs out of the low-slung speeder.  Starkiller watches the two
androids as they stretch their mechanical limbs.

ARTWO
I've got a bad case of dust contamination.  I can barely move.

THREEPIO
What a foresaken place this is.  We seem to be made to suffer.  It's our lot
in life.  Sir, could you tell....

Threepio turns and notices that Starkiller and the princess have disappeared.
He looks all around.

THREEPIO
Where did they go?  They've disappeared.

ARTWO
Maybe they were attacked!  I sense danger!

55.  HIDDEN FORTRESS ENTRANCE - DESERT CANYON - AQUILAE [scene number - sic]

Captain Starkiller and Princess Leia hurry through a maze of large boulders,
until they reach a sheer rock face.  Starkiller looks around to see if they
were followed.  Suddenly, a large section of the rock slides away, revealing a
well-lit corridor carved out of the rock.  They enter, and are greeted by two
jubilant guards.  Starkiller gives them some orders and points in the
direction of the speeder.  The secret rock door silently slides closed.

57.  MAIN HALLWAY - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Starkiller and the princess are greeted by General Skywalker and Montross.
They bow before the princess.

PRINCESS (angrily pointing at Starkiller)
General, I want you to do something with this..this barbarian.  Where's my
father?

GENERAL
The king is dead, Your Highness.

All anger suddenly drains from the princess.  She almost timidly asks the next
question.

PRINCESS
My mother?... and brothers?

GENERAL
She's here.  She's safe...so are your brothers.  They're in the main chamber.

Leia, now looking more like a frightened young girl than a vindictive
princess, runs down the hallway toward the main chamber.  She vainly attempts
to hold back the tears.

58.  DESERT CANYON - AQUILAE

The two puzzled androids sit on the landspeeder, pondering the disappearance
of their saviour.

THREEPIO
Do you suppose we're in danger?

ARTWO
The logic of this environment escapes me.

As night begins to fall, and the shadows begin to lengthen, the two robots
begin to get a little edgy.  The sound of approaching feet startles Artwo, and
he ducks behind his taller friend.  Two guards approach the robots.

GUARD
You will remain calm, and you will remain here.

THREEPIO
Certainly.  I'm Seethreepio, Human-Cyborg Relations.  Your kindness is
gratefully appreciated.

Artwo sits rather suspiciously behind his extroverted friend.

59.  ROYAL CHAMBER - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

General Skywalker bows low before Princess Leia.  She sits on a raised
platform, dressed in the royal robes of a planetary ruler.  The queen sits off
to one side on a smaller platform.  The princess waits for a few moments
before she allows the general to rise.

QUEEN
The senate has been corrupted.

GENERAL
They cannot rule without your wish...

QUEEN
I rule by marriage.  With the king dead, I am not strong enough to stop
them... Leia is now the true queen... She must be protected.  The line must be
preserved.  I am placing the future of our people in your hands.  You must
deliver Leia and her brothers to the Ophuchi System.  They will be safe there.

General, you must understand, I had no alternative but to condone an end to
the hostilities.  I deeply believe your campaign could have been successful,
but there are things that...

GENERAL
I understand, Your Highness...

QUEEN
The chrome companies on Ophuchi have offered to supply you with the men and
ships necessary to return Leia to the throne.

GENERAL
Can the chrome companies be trusted?

QUEEN
The price for their cooperation is high.  It is waiting for you in Med Center
blue.  Guard it as you would the princess herself.  No-one must know of this
mission.  There are those among the trusted who would wish us ill.  Take only
two of your best officers with you, the most loyal.  May the force of others
be with you.

LEIA
Mother, you must not stay.

QUEEN
I am too old for such a journey.  The Empire already controls the spaceport
cities.  You have a long way to travel.  It won't be easy.

GENERAL
We will have to travel in disguise.  I must have full command.  No-one can
suspect wealth or royal training.  I fear the new queen will not stand for
this.

LEIA (angry)
Do not put words into my mouth.  I will stand for what is necessary.

The general simply smiles.

60.  SUB-HALLWAY - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The general walks briskly through an isolated hallway, closely followed by
Montross.

GENERAL
How is Captain Whitsun's recovery?

MONTROSS
Very good; he's up and around.

GENERAL
Fine!  Have Whitsun and...ah, Starkiller report at zero three hundred.  I want
two converted transports:  agricultural type, two days' provisions, travel
papers, weapons.  Contact Han Solo at the Gordon spaceport...I'll talk to
him... with speed!

Montross turns and rushes down another hallway.

61.  MEDICAL CENTER BLUE - UNDERGROUND FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The general enters a stark white waiting area filled with scholarly looking
gentlemen.  An attendant greets General Skywalker and takes him into a small
observation chamber overlooking a large operating theatre.  An elderly doctor
greets him.

DOCTOR
Good to see you, General.  I'm afraid we're not quite ready yet.  Thank God
you'll be the one taking them, though.

An attendant brings in one of the scholars from the waiting area and places
him on a large operating table surrounded by strange looking equipment.  An
ominous looking clamp is placed on the man's head.

GENERAL
How many are going?

DOCTOR
Thirty-three of the greatest scientific minds in our System...A high price for
freedom.

GENERAL
Thirty-three scientists!  Transporting a group that size, undetected... I
don't...

DOCTOR
Don't worry, General.  All you'll be taking are their minds.

The doctor moves over to a safe-like cabinet guarded by two attendants.  The
doctor gingerly picks up a small clear vial filled with grey fluid.  It has a
label which reads:  Faubun, Astro-dynamics...In the background the scholar on
the operating table is undergoing a form of mechanized brain surgery.

GENERAL
"Bloodory's distillation?"

DOCTOR
Yes.  It has been greatly perfected.  The brain is condensed into five ounces
of fluid.  Cloning cell samples are included so that a structural duplicate of
the scientist can be reproduced.  When the duplicate child reaches the age of
six, he or she begins a series of injections of the brain fluid.  By the age
of ten years, they have received all the knowledge and memory of an
experienced scientist:  an old mind in a young body.  We have prepared a
special shock-belt to carry the vials.

In the background, the limp body of the scholar on the operating table is
removed and another scientist is escorted into the operating threatre.  Dr.
Bloodory, a portly doctor in his forties, enters the room and shakes hands
with the general.

DOCTOR
General, this is Doctor Bloodory.  He'll be making the trip with you.

BLOODORY
It's an honor to meet you, General.  I'm sure I couldn't be in safer hands.

GENERAL
The chrome companies are exacting a high prince indeed.  Politics will be the
ruin of us all.

BLOODORY
Careful.  If we could rid ourselves of the politicians, generals would no
longer be necessary.

DOCTOR
We should be ready by zero three hundred.

The doctors exit, leaving the general alone to watch the huge machine extract
another brain.

62.  SPACEPORT - OBSERVATION DECK - AQUILAE

Governor Hoedaack, General Vader walk down a boarding ramp to an observation
deck overlooking the conquered city of Gordon.  They are followed by a number
of aides and officers from the Imperial fleet.  Below them air tanks and other
military equipment and supplies are being unloaded.

VADER
Not much of a planet.

HOEDAACK
Darth, you've done well.  Do you think you will have the Royal Family by
nightfall?

VADER
An advance expedition is already on its way to their underground hideaway.
They should reach it by nightfall... but only if this Count Sandage can be
trusted.

HOEDAACK
A man hungry for power can always be trusted... to betray those in power.  I'm
sure his information is correct.

63.  HIDDEN FORTRESS CANYON

The huge rock face of the canyon opens, and two shabby agricultural
landspeeders are pushed into the late afternoon sun.  Artwo and Threepio stand
on the far side of the canyon with their guards, watching in amazement.  The
general and Captain Starkiller walk behind the men pushing the landspeeders.

GENERAL
We'll take them with us.  They know more about that fortress than any ten men.

They will be very useful.

STARKILLER
Can they be trusted?

GENERAL
Loyalty can't be programmed.  They can be trusted never to harm a living
creature, and to always give accurate information...as they know it, to anyone
who asks.  You just have to remember not to tell them anything that you don't
want to fall into the wrong hands.

The general approaches the two robots.  Artwo shyly moves around his taller
companion.

GENERAL
Greetings.  I'm Luke:  Agricultural Engineering.  We're going to be travelling
together.  You're going with us to help set up a hortastation on Banth.

Threepio shakes hands with the general.

THREEPIO
I'm Seethreepio:  Human Cyborg relations.  Your kindness is greatly
appreciated.

Threepio and the general both look down at Artwo.  Threepio gives the smaller
android a little kick.

ARTWO
Artwo Detwo:  Fusion Repair.

GENERAL (to Starkiller)
Load them into one of the speeders.

Captain Whitsun, walking with a slight limp, emerges from the underground
fortress with the Royal Family.  A small group of guards and aides are lined
up, standing at attention.  The two young princes, Biggs and Windy, hug and
kiss their mother good-bye, then jump into the back of the larger four-man
speeder.  The princess bows before her mother, then embraces her.  Tears roll
down her cheeks.  Her mother wipes them away.

QUEEN
You must learn strength.

The princess turns and moves to the larger speeder where she is helped aboard
by Captain Starkiller.

PRINCESS (fuming)
I don't need your help, thank you.

She gives the general an angry look.

GENERAL
I'm afraid he's necessary.

A commotion erupts at the mouth of the underground fortress.  Count Sandage,
several senators and ten to twelve troopers rush into the canyon and block the
speeders.

SANDAGE
Where are you going?  What is this?

In one quick movement the general moves between Sandage and the queen.
Whitsun and Starkiller assume defensive positions in front of the princess and
her brothers.

QUEEN
Leia and the boys are being taken to safety.  It is my wish.

SANDAGE
The Empire has assured their safety.  They must stay.

QUEEN
It is not my wish....

SANDAGE
General, you've gone too far this time.  (to the troops) Arrest him.

Five troops start to move on the general, as Sandage draws his laserpistol.
Before anyone can complete his action, the general ignites his lasersword and
cuts the senator in two.  He drops to the ground in a heap, and the
approaching troops stop in their tracks.

QUEEN
Stop this!

The general, Starkiller, and Whitsun replace their swords, and bow low to the
queen.  All of the troops, senators, and aides do the same.  The formalness of
the occasion is broken when the queen embraces the general.  She then turns
and embraces each of the captains.  They are both flustered, and somewhat
embarrassed.

QUEEN
May the force of others be with you.

The general and his captains head for the speeders, while the queen and all
the others return to the underground fortress.

64.  DESERT BLUFF - AQUILAE

The two speeders edge their way onto a bluff overlooking the hidden fortress
canyon.  They stop for one last reflective moment.  Forced to leave their
closest friends and relatives, the group is deeply moved.  The two robots, for
the most part, are puzzled.  Suddenly, there is a huge atomic flash, followed
by a loud rumble, and the entire canyon collapses into a large crater.  The
group quietly watches the dust settle.  The hidden fortress and all its
inhabitants have been destroyed.  The general watches the princess, who
appears to take it well.

GENERAL
It was the only way we could be safe from treachery.

65.  DUNE SEA - AQUILAE

The two sleek landspeeders glide effortlessly through the vast hills and
valleys of the dune sea.  At the base of the towering dune ridge, the four-man
speeder stops.  The smaller speeder, with Starkiller and the two robots, makes
its way to the top of the ridge.  Captain Starkiller stops the speeder just
short of the top of the ridge.  He gets out and continues the rest of the way
on foot.  The young captain peeks over the dune ridge into the canyon below.
Muted sounds and large dust clouds rise from the canyon floor.  Starkiller
immediately ducks back behind the ridge with an amazed look on his face.  He
quickly returns to the speeder, and picks up the intercom.

STARKILLER
Sir, you'd better take a look at this.  But come easy.

The four-man speeder starts with a crack, and slowly moves up the side of the
imposing dune.  It stops next to the smaller speeder.  The general and Whitsun
get out and make their way to the top of the ridge, where they join
Starkiller.  Far in the distance, crossing the endless dune sea, is the
Imperial invasion army.  It is immense.  A convoy of giant tanks, troop
carriers, and supply ships stretch from horizon to horizon.  Cavalry, mounted
on giant dune birds, ride the line from one end of the convoy to the other.
Hundreds of troops ride one-man jet-sticks in precision formation.  Their
lances form a giant pin-cushion.  It is an awesome sight.

GENERAL SKYWALKER
They're heading toward the fortress.

WHITSUN
What will they do when they find it destroyed?

GENERAL
They won't stop looking for us...They're coming from the spaceport at
Anchorhead, which means they control everything between here and the spaceport
at Gordon.

STARKILLER
Can we go around them?

GENERAL
No.  We'll have to wait for them to pass.  Starkiller, see if you can monitor
any of their communications on the com-link in the big speeder.

Starkiller returns to the speeder.  He collapses in the large speeder next to
the princess, and flips on the com-link radio, moving back and forth across
the dial.

PRINCESS
Must you do that?

Starkiller smiles rather sarcastically.

STARKILLER
Orders...The invasion force has cut us off.  We'll probably be here for some
time.  You ought to stretch a bit.

PRINCESS
Is that a command, General?  Maybe I feel like watching after my brothers.

Starkiller looks back at the two sleeping boys.

STARKILLER
They're not going anywhere.  They're asleep.

PRINCESS
I want to stay with them.

STARKILLER
What's the matter?  You afraid I might eat them?

66.  LIBRARY - PALACE OF LITE - AQUILAE

The king's old library has been converted into an office for General Vader.
He is sitting behind his desk as Prince Valorum, the black knight of Sith,
enters and salutes.  The black knight is dressed in the fascist black and
chrome uniform of the legendary Sith One Hundred.  The general returns his
salute.

VADER
Welcome, Prince Valorum.  Your exploits are legendary.  I have long waited to
meet a Knight of the Sith.  If there is any way I can assist you, my entire
command is at your bidding.

VALORUM
I want a tie-in to your computer network, a control center, and communication
access.

VADER
Right away!  I'll also transfer all information we have on the general.  His
command post was self-destroyed, but we believe he is still alive.... Do you
really believe he's a Jedi?

VALORUM
If he was not a Jedi, I wouldn't be here.

67.  WASTELAND - AQUILAE

The speeders make their way across the grey desert.  It is dawn.  The twin
suns have yet to rise over the distant hills.  The speeders are coated with
dust and grime, indicating that they have travelled far.  The two captains
drive through the night as everyone else sleeps.  Starkiller calls Whitsun on
the intercom.

STARKILLER
How are your fuel packs?  I'm reading minus four.

WHITSUN
I'm too low to transfer any.

The general, who appeared to be asleep, opens his eyes, and takes the
microphone from Whitsun.

GENERAL
There is a fuel station fourteen degrees by two meters.  The occupation force
should have control of it by now, so hide your weapons...but keep them within
reach.

68.  FUEL STATION - AQUILAE

A series of low concrete structures rise out of the desert.  The speeders stop
in front of an old weather-beaten block house.  The rusted hulk of a
landspeeder lies half-buried to one side of the building.  Starkiller and
Whitsun jump out of the speeder and go into the block house.

69.  INTERIOR - FUEL STATION - AQUILAE

The two young captains, dressed as farmers, enter the dingy little fuel
station.  It is quiet.  A few power packs line the walls and a dismantled
speeder rests in the repair bay.  There is a sharp dripping sound coming from
the speeder.  It appears that no-one is there.

STARKILLER
Greetings! ... Who's in charge here?

They look around the deserted station, but find no attendant.  An eerie quiet
pervades the building.

WHITSUN
I don't get it...

STARKILLER
You don't have to.  It's abandoned.

Whitsun opens a door leading to a storage area, and stops short.

WHITSUN
Not quite abandoned...

Starkiller moves to the doorway and sees the attendant, his wife, and small
daughter hanging upside down, tortured to death.  Whitsun cuts them down.

WHITSUN
They shouldn't have resisted.

Starkiller grabs two power packs from the shelf.

STARKILLER
Help me with these power packs.  We'd better move out of here.

Whitsun covers the family with an old work tarp.  He bows to the dead, then
reluctantly grabs a couple of power packs and they start for the door.
Whitsun stops for a moment.

WHITSUN
Hear that?  Someone's here.  (yelling)  We're friends.  Show yourself.

Silence.  Whitsun shrugs his shoulders and they start out the door, only to
run straight into a burly stormtrooper.

STORMTROOPER
Get out of here!

70.  FUEL STATION - AQUILAE

Whitsun and Starkiller are pulled out of the doorway and shoved into the
center of a group of fifteen or twenty Imperial stormtroopers who have
surrounded the two speeders.  Several troops have pulled General Skywalker out
of the speeder.  He acts senile, like a man twice his age.

GENERAL SKYWALKER
I'm all right.  I can still move about by myself.

A rough looking sergeant grabs Whitsun.

SERGEANT
What are you doing here?

WHITSUN
We're out of power, sir.

SERGEANT
Let me see  your travel passes!

WHITSUN
I have it here, somewhere.  We've been relocated...to a Bantha hortastation,
by Imperial order...

Whitsun fumbles to retrieve something from his pocket, and eventually pulls
out a small, round disc.  The sergeant puts the disc in a small portable
reader.  Various computer readouts are displayed on the monitor.  Starkiller
starts to put a power pack into one of the speeders.

SERGEANT
What are you doing there?  All power has been restricted.

GENERAL SKYWALKER
We've run out.  We must have power, or be forced to stay here....and become
your responsibilities.

The sergeant thinks about this for a moment, as the old, wise general watches
him.  Tension fills the air.  Starkiller shuffles around to a position where
he can reach his weapon.  A trooper hands the sergeant a message.

SERGEANT (to Whitsun)
Take only two of those power packs, and then move out quickly.

The sergeant hurries to a military craft, where he takes a call on an
intercom.  General Skywalker and his two young captains load the remaining
power packs into the speeder, and roar away from the station.

71.  WASTELAND - AQUILAE

The speeders race along through the rocky desert wasteland.  The general
speaks into the intercom to Starkiller.

GENERAL
Keep a close watch.  If that sergeant runs an analysis on those passes, we
might be seeing him again...We should be safely inside Gordon within the day.

Everyone is in good spirits.  The princess and her young brothers sing an
Aquilaean melody, which is transmitted to Starkiller in the smaller speeder.
The general takes little Windy, and lets him sit on his lap in the forward
compartment of the speeder.  Artwo flexes Threepio's arm back and forth,
attempting to discover the cause of a loud squeak.

ARTWO
Z-2 doesn't seem to help at all.

THREEPIO
It's all this filth and dust.  This environment is murderous.

Starkiller notices a small speck on the horizon.

STARKILLER (into intercom)
Object approaching, bearing three point two.

The general looks through an electrotelescope mounted in the speeder.  He
spots a distant row of troopers riding strange dune birds.

GENERAL (to Starkiller)
It's a patrol.  It could mean trouble.  We'd better split up.  You stay on a
direct course.  We'll meet you at the western edge of ravine 23-64.  Stay in
contact.

The larger speeder makes a sharp left turn, speeding off across a deep ravine.

Starkiller can begin to distinguish the approaching troopers.

STARKILLER
It looks like there's ten of them.  They're heading right for me.... Wait a
second.  They've disappeared!  I've lost them.

GENERAL
Continue on.

73.  WASTELAND LAKEBED - AQUILAE

Whitsun deftly maneuvers the bulky speeder through a narrow, boulder strewn
ravine.  They eventually come out on a dry lake bed, where they stop.
Standing not more than a hundred feet away, apparantly waiting for the
speeder, are five Imperial troops on their dune birds.

GENERAL
We've found them, five of them, anyway...Watch yourself.

The troops slowly ride their huge birds over to the speeder, and dismount.
The officer in charge is a vicious looking warrior, with a large scar across
his face.

OFFICER
Let me see your passes.

Whitsun hands him the small pass disc, and he places it in his reader.  He
studies the computer readout for a few moments, and then returns the disc to
Whitsun.

OFFICER
Have you seen any other transports in this area?

GENERAL SKYWALKER
We saw two heading south.  Goin' toward Ansel, look like to me.

OFFICER
All right.  Be on your way.

The officer mounts his dune bird, and the patrol moves away.  Whitsun winks at
the princess, and smiles at the general, as the speeder starts off across the
dry lake.  The general fiddles with the intercom.

GENERAL
S-2, are you clear?

STARKILLER
I have five troopers approaching.  Any problems on your end?

GENERAL
We came through all right.  You shouldn't have any trouble, but stay alert.

STARKILLER
Best wishes....Here they come.

Everyone rides along in silence, a little worried about Starkiller, especially
the princess.

PRINCESS
..Do you think he'll be all right?

GENERAL
He can take care of himself.

Biggs is looking out the back window of the speeder.

BIGGS
Hey look!  They're coming back.

Everyone looks to see the patrol quickly gaining on them.

GENERAL
Stop!  They're faster.  Get your weapon.

The speeder screeches to a halt in a cloud of dust.  The general and his
captain jump from the transport with laserpistols drawn.  The patrol bears
down on them, swords drawn, at full charge.  Both the general and Whitsun
fire.  Two of the troopers and their Dune birds explode in a cloud of smoke.
The remaining three troopers are upon the duo in a matter of seconds.  The
general ignites his lasersword and cuts down two of the troops as they pass.
The last turns his bird around before reaching the speeder, and hightails it
back toward the ravine.  The general jumps onto one of the riderless dune
birds and takes off in pursuit.  Whitsun checks the dead troopers.

73.  WASTELAND RAVINE - AQUILAE

The general rides at breakneck speed after the fleeing trooper.  His
lasersword is raised high over his head, ready to deal a death blow.  The
lumbering birds race through the winding ravine.

74.  WASTELAND RAVINE - AQUILAE

The intercom warning buzzer begins to scream.  Whitsun rushes for it, but the
princess gets there first.

PRINCESS
Are you all right?

STARKILLER
Two riders heading your way.  I got three, but two got away.  Watch
yourselves!

75.  WASTELAND RAVINE - AQUILAE

The general is riding neck and neck with the trooper.  He swiftly brings his
sword down and the trooper drops from his saddle.  The momentum of his charge
carries the general around a bend in the ravine, and right in the path of two
more troops charging down on him.  The two troopers are taken by surprise.
They stop their birds, and so does the general.  They stand there, about fifty
yards apart, sizing up each other.  Suddenly, the two troopers start for the
Jedi at full speed.  The general raises his sword, and starts for them.  The
troopers are no match for the general, who kills them both before they are
even able to swing their swords.

76.  WASTELAND LAKEBED - AQUILAE

Starkiller stops near the larger landspeeder and gets out.  He is wounded.
Blood streams from his left arm.  Whitsun rushes to help him.  The princess
shows a great deal of concern.

WHITSUN
It looks worse than it is.  You'll be all right.

Whitsun motions to the princess, who looks a little relieved.

WHITSUN
Bring me the med aid pack.

PRINCESS
It he was clumsy enough to get hurt, maybe we ought to let him bleed to death.

She hands Whitsun the kit, as the general rides up and dismounts.  He moves to
Starkiller.

GENERAL
You missed two.

STARKILLER
I know, I couldn't...

GENERAL
Don't let it happen again.  We'd better move out.  They might have reported
in.

77.  CONTROL ROOM - PALACE OF LITE - AQUILAE

The dark and sinister Valorum moves several markers on a large map readout to
form a line from the destroyed underground fortress to the spaceport at
Gordon.  An aide enters with General Vader.

AIDE
The patrol was lost, Sir.  All ten of them.

VALORUM
It's to be expected.

VADER
Have you found them?

VALORUM
They're heading for the spaceport at Gordon.  I'm going there.  Have all
security doubled.  Make it an alert.

78.  THE OUTSKIRTS OF GORDON - AQUILAE

The speeders stop on a bluff overlooking a small cantina on the outskirts of
Gordon.  The spaceport can be seen in the distance.  The general and Captain
Whitsun walk over to the smaller speeder.  Starkiller helps the two androids
out of their cramped quarters.

THREEPIO
Your kindness is greatly appreciated.

STARKILLER (to general)
I'm fit enough to...

The general gives him a hard look and he shuts up.  Whitsun and the general
climb into the speeder.

GENERAL
We'll make contact at zero four hundred.  If we're not back by fifty-five
forty, get worried.

The speeder starts off toward the cantina.

79.  SPACEPORT CANTINA - AQUILAE

The speeder pulls up in front of the low, blockhouse style cantina.  Various
strange forms of transport are parked outside the bar.

GENERAL
Take care here.  If there is any trouble, get back to the others.

The general and Whitsun enter the shabby cantina.  The murky little den is
filled with a startling array of weird and exotic alien creatures, laughing at
the bar.  At first, the sight is horrifying.  One-eyed, thousand-eyed, slimy,
furry, scaling arms, tentacles, and claws huddle over drinks.  The general
looks over the patrons, but does not see the contact, Han Solo.  A large
multiple eyed creature shoves the general.

CREATURE
Assha dughi wouldugga?

The general tries to ignore the creature, and turns back to his drink.  A
short, grubby looking human, and an even smaller rodent-like creature join the
first creature.

HUMAN
He doesn't like you.

GENERAL
I understood him.

HUMAN
I don't like you either.

GENERAL
I'm sorry.

The big creature is getting agitated, and yells at the general.

HUMAN
Don't insult us.  You just watch yourself.  We're wanted men.  I have the
death sentence on twelve Systems.

GENERAL
I'll be careful then.

HUMAN
You'll be dead.

The short rodent yells something, and everything at the bar moves away.  The
general assumes a defensive position.  His three adversaries ready their
weapons.

GENERAL
You insist on a fight then.

HUMAN
Just try and kill us.

GENERAL
It will hurt a little.

HUMAN
We aren't cowards.

GENERAL
Then it can't be helped.

The general's lasersword sparks to life.  An arm lies on the floor.  The
rodent is cut in two, and the large, multiple-eyed creature lies doubled, cut
from chin to groin.  The general, with quiet dignity, replaces his sword in
its sheath.  The entire fight has lasted only a matter of seconds.  A figure
stands in the doorway watching the general.  As soon as the general notices
him, he leaves.  The cantina goes back to normal, as if nothing had happened,
although the general is given a respectable amount of room at the bar.  The
Jedi finishes his drink, and then leaves.  Captain Whitsun follows.

80.  SPACEPORT ALLEYWAY - GORDON - AQUILAE

General Skywalker embraces Han Solo, the underground contact.  Han is a huge,
green skinned monster with no nose and large gills.

HAN
You old stardog.  Took a war to get you out here...

Whitsun arrives with Starkiller, the princess and her brothers, and the two
puzzled androids.

GENERAL
It's been too long.  We've been through much together.  It will be good to
have you out of retirement and back at my side.  How is Starkiller?  (putting
his arm around the young Captain Starkiller)  This is his son.

HAN
You're all the old boy will talk about.  He's still holding up.  Come, let's
get off the street.

The group enters a small doorway at the far end of the alleyway.  On the main
street, within view of the doorway, giant Imperial air tanks and other
military hardware rumble through the city.  Starving refugees sit in the
gutters watching the immense display of force with a mixture of awe and
terror.  The princess stops for a moment, and stares at her people, watching
the might of the Empire.  The general escorts her through the doorway with the
others.

81.  SLUM DWELLING - LIVING AREA - AQUILAE

The seedy dwelling is dark and dingy.  The group is greeted by three
underground leaders, and the old Jedi, Kane Starkiller.  Captain Starkiller
embraces his father as the underground leaders bow before the princess.

82.  SLUM DWELLING - DINING AREA - AQUILAE

The princess walks through the dining area followed by Whitsun and Starkiller,
who carry the two sleeping princes.  The general sits at a large table
finishing dinner with Han, Kane and the three underground leaders.  Whitsun
returns from the bedroom.

GENERAL (to Whitsun)
Captain, why don't you take the androids into the other room for a game of
chess? ... I'm sure they'd enjoy it.

THREEPIO
A wonderful idea.  Your kindness is greatly appreciated.

Whitsun escorts the two robots into the next room.  Datos, a thin, wizened old
man, seems greatly relieved.

DATOS
You're taking a great risk travelling with them.  This whole operation sounds
bad to me.  I don't trust the chrome companies.  Time is growing short.  The
Empire's attempts at control have already caused a great deal of suffering to
our people.

Occo, a brash young rebel, about the same age as Captain Starkiller, slams his
fist on the table.

OCCO
It must happen now!  We are ready!  Each day the Imperial S.B.T. finds and
destroys a few more in the organization.  We cannot wait any longer.

GENERAL
Any uprising without a coordinated attack on the death star is out of the
question.

HAN
He's right.  As long as it's operational, any action down here would be
meaningless.  We must proceed as planned.  Are the arrangements secure?

Quist, the third member of the underground, sparks to life, and places several
discs and badges on the table.

QUIST
All passenger transport has been suspended, so we've arranged for you to
travel as the crew of a Baltarian freighter.  The boys will have to be placed
in suspended animation and hidden in shielded micro-packs.  It's the only way
we will be able to get them past the scanners.

DATOS
Were you able to acquire the necessary power packs?

QUIST
It's become a serious problem.  All power supplies have been restricted.  S-4
units are impossible to come by.

HAN
I know an agent who might be able to acquire them for us.  I'll check with
him.  It will be risky, but we've no other choice.

83.  SPACEPORT OBSERVATION DECK - AQUILAE

The dark figure of Valorum stands overlooking a group of Aquilaean partisans
who are being tortured in the plaza below.  Two Imperial officers are
finishing a report to the black knight.  They salute smartly, then leave the
observation balcony, passing Kuro, one of General Vader's aides, who
approaches Valorum, and bows low before him.  Kuro and the black knight carry
on an animated conversation; it is inaudible over the screams of the tortured
partisans.

84.  SLUM DWELLING - ALLEYWAY - AQUILAE

Residents glance fearfully from their windows as six Imperial stormtroopers
make their way through the crowded slum alleyway.  Han Solo and Captain
Starkiller move cautiously past the Imperial patrol, and disappear into the
shabby hideout of the partisan underground.

85.  SLUM DWELLING - MAIN AREA - AQUILAE

The two men enter the dingy main room of the slum dwelling, and are
immediately attacked by Biggs, wielding a toy sword.  Starkiller good-
naturedly fends off the young prince, as Han in a more serious mood, goes into
the other room.  Artwo and Threepio are helping Windy put together a block-
like puzzle.  Princess Leia comes in to see what all the commotion is about,
just as the young captain grabs Biggs by the foot and holds him upside-down.
Starkiller and Biggs are laughing uproariously.  Leia gives the captain a
stern, disapproving look, then returns to the other room.

86.  SLUM DWELLING - DINING AREA - AQUILAE

General Skywalker, Captain Whitsun, and Datos are in the process of assembling
two micro-packs on the kitchen table.  Han pulls a small silver powerpack from
his pocket, and places it on the table.  The old Jedi, Kane Starkiller,
reaches over with his one good arm and takes it.  He inspects it carefully.
Princess Leia sits quietly behind the general.

HAN
We could only get one unit.  The Empire's methods are proving to be very
effective.

Kane places the power-pack back on the table.  The pain from those simple
movements shows on his face.

KANE
This will work fine.

HAN
One of the boys will have to stay.

DATOS
We can't hide him for very long....The risk is too great!  Whichever boy
doesn't go must be destroyed.

The princess is alarmed, and looks to the general for support.  He gives her
an understanding look.

GENERAL
Not while they're in my charge.  Find another way to get him through.

DATOS
There's no other way.  We've analyzed every possible alternative.  You can't
jeopardize the enitre...

Captain Starkiller enters the room.

HAN
We have no time for discussion.  The freighters leave at zero three hundred.
We must get started.

Through a break in the door, Whitsun watches Artwo and Threepio play with the
two young princes.

WHITSUN
What about Artwo?  Could we lobotomize him, and use his energy pack?

GENERAL
They're not compatible.  We'd have to completely change the system...

HAN
It could work.

DATOS
There isn't enough time.  You can't do it...

KANE
You won't have to.  My power unit has more than half life.... Use it.

The withered Jedi opens his tunic revealing a metallic chest covered with
electrodes.  With his one good arm, he grabs his chest and rips loose and
miniature power unit similar to the one on the table.  Everyone is taken by
surprise.  The general and the young Starkiller both rush to the side of the
dying Jedi.  The old man turns to his son.

KANE
Trust my judgment, Son.  Serve your new teacher well.

The Jedi's breathing becomes more difficult as he turns to the general.

KANE (con't)
An honorable death, my friend.  May the force of others be with you....

Kane Starkiller passes on to the other world.  Everyone is stunned.  The
general breaks the moment of silence.

GENERAL
May he be welcomed as a man above men.  Take him downstairs.

Starkiller takes his father in his arms and is followed out of the room by Han
and Datos.

GENERAL
Prepare the boys!  We have little time.

Princess Leia and Captain Whitsun rush out of the room, as the general places
the power units in the micro-packs.

87.  SLUM DWELLING - MAIN AREA - AQUILAE

Biggs and Windy are not happy about being dragged away from their puzzle.
Whitsun takes the robots into the sleep area.

LEIA
Now straighten up, Biggs.  Remember, father expects you to follow his ways.
We are going on a trip.  There will be great danger.  You must go to sleep.
When you wake, you will be in a strange land, so don't be alarmed.

BIGGS
Are you going to sleep too?

LEIA
I will be looking after you.  Now be good boys and stand still.  Lift your
sleeve.

Windy lifts his sleeze and Leia injects him with a sleep serum.  Whitsun
enters just as the little prince collapses into a deep sleep.  Quick as
lightning, he catches the boy before he can hit the floor.  The princess
injects her other brother, and he collapses into her arms.

88.  SLUM DWELLING - DINING AREA - AQUILAE

The limp bodies of the two young princes are carried in by Leia and Captain
Whitsun.  They are carefully squeezed into the hollowed out micro-cases.  Leia
pensively watches as the general expertly attaches electrodes to her brother's
skull.  Han and Datos return from the burial of Kane.  The general looks up
from his operation.

HAN
He is at rest.  The Empire will never find him.  Are the systems working all
right?

GENERAL
Full power...Is everything ready?

Datos nods yes, as the general closes the case holding Biggs.  The strain of
watching her brothers placed in suspended animation is too great for Leia, and
she retreats into the main room.

89.  SLUM DWELLING - MAIN ROOM - AQUILAE

Captain Starkiller stands brooding near a window overlooking the crowded
alleyway.  He does not acknowledge Leia's entrance.  She walks over to the
window, and stands next to the young captain.  They are very close, but do not
touch.

LEIA
I'm sorry.

He does not respond.  She is moved by his sorrow, and starts to touch the side
of his face, but can't bring herself to do it.  Her royal training is too
strong to let her show her true affection for Starkiller.  She breaks down and
runs from the room.  The young Jedi continues his meditation.

90.  SPACEPORT AT GORDON - SECURITY RAMP - AQUILAE

The spaceport is very crowded.  People rush about in a panicked rush as
loudspeakers blurt out indiscernible announcements.  The Empire is in the
process of changing the boarding procedures and the result is chaos.  Many
flights are delayed, and people are running to and fro, switching boarding
ramps.  Han guides the rebel group, dressed as a Baltarian crew, through the
crowded terminal.  Whitsun and Starkiller carry the large micro-packs strapped
to their backs.  The robots follow a few paces behind.

HAN
They're changing the boarding procedures.  I don't like it.

They are swept into a boarding gate and finally reach a security ramp scan
station.  There are a great number of troops and guards standing around the
security area.  An officer demands to see their passes and orders.  The
tension builds as the officer confers with an aide about the passes.  The aide
speaks quietly into a phone.

OFFICER
Where are your component receipts?

Starkiller and Whitsun hand the officer two additional discs which are placed
in the computer.  A few moments later, the readout appears, and the group is
motioned through the electron scanners.  On the other side of the scanner, new
computer discs are issued to the group.  Everyone seems slightly relieved as
they walk through several hallways leading to where the freighter is docked.
Starkiller moves next to the general.

STARKILLER
I don't like the feel of this.

GENERAL
Your senses are strong.  It's a very small disruption.

STARKILLER
It's a Knight of the Sith.

GENERAL
Possibly.  Stay alert...Warn the others.

The group walks through the docking links and into the Baltarian spacecraft.
Several Imperial guards pass them, and everyone is ready for the suspected
trap, but nothing happens..

91.  INTERIOR - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - AQUILAE

The group stops in a narrow electronics passageway near the bridge of the
ship.  Starkiller and Whitsun unstrap the micro-packs containing the two young
princes, and check the voltage packs.

WHITSUN
Little Biggs is losing power faster than normal.  I'd better check it out.

GENERAL
Wait until the situation is secure.  Stay here, and keep on your guard....Han!

The two young captains grow suspicious of several workmen gathering around the
main exit hatch.  Han and the general enter the bridge area.  Several crewmen
sit at elaborate controls and computer stations.

GENERAL
Where is your captain?

One of the crewmen directs him to a small chamber above the bridge.
Starkiller and Whitsun strap on their micropacks as more workmen converge at
the main hatch and begin to close it.  The two robots, Artwo and Threepio are
confused about what is going on, and wear their gear in anticipation of
moving.

92.  PILOT CHAMBER - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - AQUILAE

Han and the general enter the small pilot's chamber and greet the captain,
whose face is hidden in the shadows of a computer bank.

CAPTAIN
Welcome, gentlemen.  You must have had a difficult journey.  We'll be
departing shortly....

[p. 77 is all screwed up.  I attempt to interpret here:]

[Four Imperial tr]oopers silently enter the room behind the two [??] Their
laserswords are drawn.

CAPTAIN (con't)
[?] I have been authorized to accept payment [?] the chrome company
cooperation.  I [?] you've brought it with you.

[?] moves out of the shadows, and is revealed to [be Valorum, F]irst Knight of
the Sith.  Instantly, both Han and [the general] understand the situation.
They turn, drawing their [laserswords? ?] the move, and cut down the four
Imperial troopers.  [?] chamber instantly seals shut.  Valorum hasn't [?] and
remains unusually calm.  The two Jedi turn [?]

VALORUM
[?] over, gentlemen.  The chamber is sealed.  [?] force me to release the Jai
gas...

[?] and the black knight turns to an intercom.

INTERCOM
[?]ion secure.  Prisoners taken to hold "B,"... [?] casualties.... gas was
necessary.

[?]eral relax and drop their weapons.  The door [?] behind them and six guards
enter wearing face-[?]nd the two Jedi with chrome microcuffs.  A [?] creeps
across Valorum's face.  General [?] unimpressed with the knightly trap.

VALORUM
[?] it's ended.  (to guard)  Take them [?] "G."  I don't want them with the
others.  [?] for departure.

[?esc]ort Han and the general out of the chamber [?] hallways.

[?93.  INTERIOR - BALTA]RIAN FREIGHTERS - AQUILAE

[?]ch Han and the general into the hold of the [?] near the main exit where
Artwo and Threepio [?] looking lost.  Threepio sees the general pass [?]ay.

THREEPIO
[?]ere he is.  Come on.

[end of p. 77]

The robots waddle off after the Jedi prisoners.  As the small procession
passes detention cell B where the princess and the others are being held, Han
and the general let out a horrifying Jedi scream, and leap to the corridor
ceiling, thrusting their bound wrists into the lighting fixtures.  They land
on top of the troops, instantly breaking the necks of four guards, with
expertly placed Jedi blows.  The eight surviving guards are momentarily
dumbfounded.  Han and the general grab laserswords from their victims, and
swiftly cut down the remaining troops.  Han grabs a small card from one of the
dead guards, and starts for detention cell B.

GENERAL
Watch it!  Those are cutters.

The general grabs one of the dead troopers and tosses him against the cell
door.  Red rays engulf the body, and holds it there.  Han then places the card
in a slot, and the door silently slides open.  Starkiller and Whitsun leap for
the dead guard, then notice the death ray surrounding him.  General Skywalker
grabs another body and throws it into the doorway.

GENERAL
Pass between them!

Starkiller squeezes between the slain guards, and is untouched by the rays.
Whitsun and the princess quickly follow, picking up weapons as they leave.

STARKILLER
They've taken the cases.

GENERAL
Are they aware of the boys?

WHITSUN
I don't think so.

GENERAL
Find them!  Use your seeker.  We'll meet you at the main hatch.  Watch
yourselves.  If an alarm is given, they'll gas the entire ship.

WHITSUN
Yes, Sir.

Whitsun and Starkiller each take a small humming device from their utility
belts and head down a narrow hallway.  The general, Han and the princess
continue toward the main hatch.  Artwo and Threepio have been completely
confused by the turn of events.  They eventually follow the general toward the
exit hatch.

94.  ELECTROCLOSET HALLWAY - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - AQUILAE

The two young captains reach a storage area of the huge spacecraft.  They
watch their seekers as they move along a row of electroclosets.  They quietly
sneak past a group of workmen assembling a large gyro-housing.  A second row
of micro-packs is searched to no avail.

WHITSUN
If they were discovered, they would have been sent to a medical station.

STARKILLER
There are more storage areas on the far side.

95.  MAIN HATCH AREA - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - AQUILAE

Han and the general reach the main hatch, closely followed by Leia and the two
robots.  Several lights over the hatch flash on and off.  The general cuts a
camera off the wall with his lasersword.

HAN
They're going to take off....It's too late.

GENERAL
Threepio!  Come over here.

The lanky chrome man approaches the general, who is studying a complex
computer control panel next to the hatch.

THREEPIO
Yes Sir.  May I be of service?

GENERAL
Get this hatch open.  Counterlock the departure pattern.

The robot immediately starts pushing buttons on the panel.

96.  ELECTROCLOSET HALLWAY - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - AQUILAE

Starkiller and Whitsun reach a second series of electroclosets.  A signal
appears on the seekers, and Starkiller cuts down the door of one of the small
cabinets.  Whitsun stands guard.  Approaching troops are heard in the
distance.  Starkiller quickly rummages through the electropacks until he spots
the familiar cases containing the two boys.

WHITSUN
Troops!

Starkiller straps on one of the back packs, and hands the other to Whitsun, as
they duck into a narrow passageway.  Four troops march through a nearby
hallway.  After they have passed, the young captain checks to make sure the
way is clear, then runs down a hallway toward the main hatch.

97.  BRIDGE - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - AQUILAE

As the crew makes the final preparations for the blast off, the main hatch
light blinks on.  One of the pilots notices the light and begins to check it
out.

PILOT (into intercom)
Is the main hatch secure?

98.  MAIN HATCH - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - AQUILAE

The intercom sparks to life, and the general answers it.

GENERAL
Everything looks secure, but give me a minute to check it out.

PILOT
All right... Stand by.

The general gives a wink to Han, as Threepio continues his attempt to override
the hatch computer.

99.  HALLWAYS - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - AQUILAE

Starkiller and Whitsun cautiously move down a long hallway, ever watchful of
Imperial troops.  They reach an intersection, carefully check in all
directions, then rush down a main hallway.  They are about half way down the
hallway, when a squad of Imperial guards appears at the end of the hallway,
facing them.  The troops start toward the two captains with lowered
laserrifles.

STARKILLER
Here's where it gets tricky.

Starkiller, then Whitsun, quickly and smoothly draw their laserpistols and
fire at the troops.  A giant explosion destroys the far end of the hallway.  A
few laserbolts are returned, but streak harmlessly overhead, and explode out
of range.  The exchange of gunfire lasts only a few moments.  When the smoke
clears, the troops have been destroyed.

100.  MAIN HATCH - BALTARIAN FREIGHTER - AQUILAE

The main hatch slowly begins to slide open, when the rumbling explosion of
laserfire echoes through the hallways.  Han looks to the general, and they
both instantly realize what has happened.  Han draws his weapons.  The hatch
is now fully open.  Everyone stands silently, watching for the two captains.
Alarms start screaming throughout the ship, and the giant hatch slowly begins
to close.

GENERAL
Come on.  We can't wait.

The group reluctantly exits the spacecraft, giving one last look back to their
lost friends.  The hatch continues to close slowly as the alarm sirens wail.
Suddenly, Starkiller and Whitsun round a corner and head for the ever-closing
hatch; battling several Imperial stormtroopers as they go.  Han and the
general move up to the hatch and give cover fire.  Whitsun slips through the
shrinking opening, and yells to Starkiller to hurry.  Many more troops bear
down on the young Jedi as he squeezes through the very slim opening.  One of
the troops dives after him, but is caught, and crushed by the emergency hatch.

101.  BOARDING RAMPS - GORDON SPACEPORT - AQUILAE

The general leads the group through various corridors.

HAN
Once the alarm sounds, the entire spaceport will shut down.

They stop at a junction.  At the far end of one hallway, several troops guard
a restricted passageway.

GENERAL
That's the military section.

STARKILLER
Fighter craft!

HAN
But it's very heavily guarded.  We can't take it with subtlety.

Before the general can answer, the acute scream of the spaceport alarm
reverberates through the corridors.  The general, followed by his two young
captains, charge toward the heavily guarded military passageway.  Han, with
the princess and two robots, follow a safe distance behind.  A guard sees them
coming, and orders them to stop.  Starkiller and the general fire their
laserpistols at the passageway entrance and the troops disappear in a huge
explosion.

The group jumps over the dead guards and smoking rubble, then runs through a
series of hallways leading to a starship.  They stop just short of an
intersection leading to a boarding ramp.  Starkiller peeks around a corner at
two guards standing in front of the boarding ramp.

STARKILLER
Cutters!  We'll have to draw them out...A blast might alert the crew.

GENERAL
Artwo!  Come here.

The little robot waddles over to the old Jedi.

GENERAL (con't)
Move to that intersection and sound the alarm.

The mechanical dwarf dutifully marches into the intersection and lets out a
high, electronic scream.  The guards shut off the deadly laser "cutters," and
cautiously approach the wailing robot.

GUARD
What is it?  What's wrong?

With incredible speed, both guards are dropped by a few precision blows from
the two young captains.  They immediately drag the unconscious guards into the
starship.

GENERAL
Starkiller!  Whitsun!  Stand guard.  I'll signal at take-off minus
thirty...And reverse that cutter!

102.  INTERIOR - IMPERIAL STARSHIP - AQUILAE

Han and the general, followed by Leia and the robots, enter the Imperial
starship.  They rush through several narrow hallways leading to the bridge.
Two crew members leaving a control station, stumble into the group and are
quickly dispatched by Han.  The princess waits with the robots, as the general
and Han enter the bridge.  The two pilots and navigator are taken by surprise
and promptly are subdued.  Han switches on the intercom and listens.

HAN
How are we going to get them to open the silo cover?

GENERAL
Send Threepio in here.  Dispose of any crewmen left on board.

103.  BOARDING RAMP - SPACEPORT - AQUILAE

Starkiller and Whitsun now wear the uniform of the Imperial guard.  Whitsun
has removed a plate from the "cutter" machinism and is crossing a few wires.
He replaces the "cutter" plate just as a squad of stormtroopers rushes toward
the door.  An officer salutes them.

OFFICER
Have you seen them?

STARKILLER
No, Sir.

OFFICER
They're in this section somewhere.  I'm doubling all the guards.  Stay alert.

Two guards take up positions just outside the "cutter" areas, and the squad
moves on to another starship.  Starkiller gives his partner a philosophical
look.

104.  INTERIOR - IMPERIAL STARSHIP - AQUILAE

The gleaming chrome Threepio sits in the pilot's seat, talking on the intercom
to a controller.  He breaks off his continual drone of take-off instructions
to the controller and turns to the general, shaking his head.

THREEPIO
They won't buy it.  I think they're getting suspicious.

Han enters.

HAN
The crew is taken care of.

GENERAL
Well, they're not going to open the silo cover, so I'm afraid we'll have to
take it with us.

HAN
We're going to sustain considerable damage if we blast off through that cover.

GENERAL
It's a thin shell.  There is no choice.  (to Threepio)  Signal the boys.

105.  BOARDING RAMPS - SPACEPORT - AQUILAE

Warning lights flash and the main hatch to the starfighter slowly begins to
close.  The two Imperial stormtroopers yell at Starkiller and Whitsun.

STORMTROOPER
Watch it!  Don't fire into those cutters!  (to Starkiller)  Shut down the
cutters!

The two captains pretend to be confused, and not understand.  At the last
minute, they leap aboard the starship.  The hatch slides closed, and the
boarding ramp drops away.  Several more guards arrive, and give the troopers a
special card, which turns the small cutter warning lights from red to green.
The guards rush onto the boarding ramp and are wiped out by the reversed
"cutters."

106.  INTERIOR - STARSHIPS - AQUILAE

Everyone straps himself into the lifepods.  Threepio and the general troddle
forward, and the giant ship shudders as it starts to lift off the launch pad.
With tense expressions, everyone braces for the impact of the silo cover.

107.  STARSHIP - SPACEPORT SILO - AQUILAE

The  mighty starship thunders out of the silo, crashing through the cover
plate, sending shrapnel in all directions.  The ship leaps toward the heavens.

108.  BOARDING CAMPS - SPACEPORT - AQUILAE

Imperial flight crews rush to their starships.   Pilots receive their
clearances, and several giant silo covers swing away, revealing deadly hunter-
destroyer spaceships.

109.  INTERIOR - BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

Han and the general watch as five hunter-destroyers leave the spaceport at
Gordon.

GENERAL
We suffered light damage to a deflector fin.  It will take them quite a while
to catch up with us now.  Tell the boys to get some rest.

110.  AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

Han retreats to the aft section of the ship, where the two captains are
checking out the two main lasercannons mounted in large rotating bubble
turrets.

HAN
The old boy says you two should get some rest... You've got some time before
they catch up to us.

Han notices the packs containing the young princes.

HAN (con't)

Better store the boys in a lifepod.  Secure them well.

He heads back toward the bridge, followed by Whitsun.  Starkiller carries the
two micro-packs to a lifepod, and straps them in.  He checks Biggs' energy
supply.  It is low.  Leia approaches him.

LEIA
Couldn't we let them out now?

STARKILLER
It's better this way.  Things are going to get rough...

LEIA
Will we make it?  Is there any hope?  Stay with me.  [something deleted?]... I
love you.

Starkiller is slightly shocked at this outburst.  The princess starts to cry
and clings to him for support.

STARKILLER
No-one is going to die...so stop acting like a child, and start behaving like
a queen.  What is this silly talk of love?  You belong to the people of
Aquilae, and my job is to return you to them, nothing more.  Now straighten up
and get into a lifepod.

She's deeply hurt by his callousness.  She breaks away from him and runs down
a hallway into a lifepod.  He is tired, and angry at the whole incident.

111.  BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

Threepio guides the starship toward the Ophuchi system.  The general watches
the computer readout estimate the position of the Imperial hunter destroyers.

THREEPIO
Hostile craft will intercept at thirty plus.

GENERAL
What's the nearest star System?

THREEPIO
Yavin.

GENERAL
Set a course... Maybe we can lose them among the Systems.

112.  AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

Starkiller rests in one of the lasercannon pod bays.  He is thinking about
Leia.  Slowly a smile creeps across his face.  He makes a decision, jumps up,
and hurries down a hallway.  He taps on the lifepod bulkhead, and Whitsun
opens the door.  Starkiller is surprised.

WHITSUN
What is it?

STARKILLER
Where is Leia?

WHITSUN
She went forward.... What's going on with you two?

STARKILLER
We're in love.  She loves me, and I just realized,... I love her.

WHITSUN
[something whited out] You're asking for trouble... She's a queen... You're a
warrior....Do you know what you're saying?

STARKILLER
I don't care... I've got to talk...

Whitsun just shakes his head, but before Starkiller can finish his sentence,
the ship is rocked by a bombardment of proton torpedoes.  The intercom squawks
to life.

GENERAL (over intercom)
Get to those guns!

Starkiller and Whitsun rush to the lasercannons, and jump into the protective
suits and helmets.

113.  BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

Han enters the bridge and sits before a fire control center.  The general sits
in a chair, slightly behind and above Threepio, directing the robot pilot.

GENERAL
Turn around!  Let's face them.

Artwo, sitting quietly in a corner, watches as Threepio punches new
information into the computer and the giant starship swings around in a sharp
circle.  Several torpedoes explode near the ship.  The general switches on the
intercom.

GENERAL
Your boys ready?

114.  AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

The captains adjust the lasercannon controls in front of them and check in
with the general.

GENERAL
They should be within range in twelve seconds...

Starkiller adjusts his giant laser ack-ack cannon, searching his electronic
tracking screen for the hunter destroyer.  Whitsun is having a problem with
one of the rotating mechanisms on the huge gun.  He curses, climbs out of the
chair, and attempts to fix it.

WHITSUN
My vertical rotating circuits are out...

The princess straps herself into a small lifepod.  [something whited out]
Only the slightest hint of concern or worry shows in her face.  She listens to
her protectors relay instructions as the enemy approaches.

115.  BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

The starship shudders as the hunter-destroyers open fire.  Han relays the
ship's status to the general, as Threepio struggles to keep up with the
barrage of orders.

HAN
We're losing deflectors three thirty one and ten forty two...

GENERAL (to Threepio)
Cut hard to maridian nine zero six.  Level to three degrees...(into the
intercom)  We're coming under one.  Wait for my signal!

116.  AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

The constant flashing of deflected laser bolts reflect in the interior of the
lasercannon bubble.  Starkiller rechecks his firing swithces..Whitsun adjusts
his headphones, and lowers a glare reflector.  He raps on the power rotation
circuits, and gives them a little test burst.  The pod instantly rotates a few
degrees.  The large starship heads directly toward the three enemy ships and
at the last moment dives under the attacking craft.  Starkiller watches the
smaller crafts pass overhead, aching to open fire.  He calls Whitsun on the
intercom.

STARKILLER
I've got no signal.  I'm on target.  What's wrong?  What are they waiting for?

I've got an open shield!

The three Imperial craft are firing incessantly at point blank range.

WHITSUN
Wait for the signal.

But Starkiller has a perfect shot, and he can't wait.  He squeezes the trigger
and the giant lasercannon, with a burst of smoke and electrical charge, opens
up on the enemy craft.  Moments later, the signal lights flash on and Whitsun
commences firing on the receeding hunter-destroyers.  Two of the Imperial
craft break off, and prepare for another attack run.  The third is hit by a
concentrated barrage from the two captains, and begins spinning out of
control, until it finally explodes.  Whitsun gives Starkiller a victory wave,
which Starkiller gleefully returns.  These moments of triumph are broken by
the intercom.

GENERAL
Annikin, next run you wait for my signal.  We haven't much power to spare on
your inaccurate grandstanding!

Starkiller's pride is wounded.  He resets his accelerators, as the two
remaining hunter-destroyers begin a second run.

117.  BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

Han turns to the general.

HAN
We have a weakened shield on the port turret...

GENERAL
Warn Starkiller.  Get him out of there.  (to Threepio)  Change your heading by
point five.

118.  AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

Princess Leia listens to Han warn Starkiller.

HAN
Your shield power is down.  Abandon that positions, and seal that section.
Report!  Captain, do you hear me?  Captain?!!!

Leia becomes worried that something has happened to Annikin.  The young
captain switches off the intercom system and signals to Whitsun that the
system has gone dead.  Before Whitsun can answer, the two hunter-destroyer
spacecraft are upon them once again.  Laser bolts flash all around them.  The
general's signal flashes on, and the captain starts to return the fire.  One
of the Imperial fighters concentrates its fire on Starkiller's weakened
gunport.  A direct hit blows open a hole in the turret, and everything that
isn't bolted down is sucked into outer space, including Starkiller.  He bangs
against the side of the starship, held only by a weakened lifeline.

The princess hears Whitsun explain Starkiller's predicament, and rushes back
to help him.  She is stopped by a pressure locked door leading to the gun
emplacement.

119.  BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

The general orders Threepio to swing the spacecraft around and start a new
attack.  He turns to Artwo.

GENERAL
Use the aft port...See what you can do for Starkiller.

Artwo hurriedly waddles out of the bridge.  Threepio and Han simultaneously
turn to the general.

THREEPIO
More craft approaching!

HAN
It looks like at least six or seven.

The general studies the radar scopes and then checks a Galactic map displayed
on one of the monitors.

GENERAL
Change course to three point one.

THREEPIO
That will head us directly into the path of the Norton Asteroid Belt.

HAN
That Asteroid Belt is too dense to pass through...The ship won't make it!

GENERAL
We'll never defeat them in combat.  It's our only chance to lose them.

Threepio punches in new coordinates, and the starship veers away toward the
treacherous asteroid belt.

120.  AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

Whitsun fires on one ofthe two hunter-destroyers which is pacing the rebel
starship.  Starkiller unsuccessfully tries to pull himself back inside the
spacecraft.  The enemy craft maneuvers wildly in an attempt to get into a
better position, to fire on Starkiller.  Whitsun blasts away, until the
Imperial spacecraft spews forth equipment and personnel, careens off, and
eventually explodes.

Artwo wobbles along the exterior of the ship, until he reaches the stranded
captain.  He attaches a new lifeline to the young Jedi's spacesuit, and makes
his way back inside the wounded craft.  Starkiller is pulled to safety just as
the starship enters the asteroid belt.  A barrage of small and large asteroids
begins to pelt the ship, causing a great deal of damage.

GENERAL (over intercom)
Secure yourselves.  We may have to eject.  Abandon the turrets.

The princess rushes back to her lifepod and straps herself in.  Whitsun and
Artwo help Starkiller make his way out of the lasercannon turrets and through
a series of locks, to the lifepod area.

121.  BRIDGE - STARSHIP - SPACE

The asteroids hit hard.  The ship is buffeted to and fro as the general, Han,
and Threepio struggle into their spacesuit-like lifepods.  The Imperial
hunter-destroyer closest to the rebel ship explodes in the onrush of deadly
asteroids.  The new reinforcement hunter-destroyers turn back and give up the
pursuit.  They disappear from the tracking monitors.  The asteroid bombardment
becomes almost unbearable.  Warning lights begin to flash.  Extending foils,
antennae, and armament pods are scraped away from the starship hull.  A
baseball-sized hole is punched through the midsection, and hundreds of objects
are sucked into space.  A large locker eventually plugs the opening.  The
starship and her passengers shudder and sway under the punishment of the
asteroid storm.

THREEPIO
The ship is breaking up.

HAN
We're almost clear of the storm.

THREEPIO
We'll never make it.  Eject, we must eject.

The general watches the computer monitor as the starship emerges from the far
side of the Asteroid Belt.

HAN
We're approaching one of the Forbidden Systems....

GENERAL
We've got to achieve orbit.

THREEPIO
We'll never make it.

The starship heads for a small blue-green planet in the distance.

122.  AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - SPACE

Starkiller was considerably shaken in the destruction of his laserturret.  He
is slightly dazed as Whitsun straps him into a lifepod with Artwo.

WHITSUN (to Artwo)
You watch him.  Make sure this pod gets off all right.

Artwo nods, and Whitsun moves to the second lifepod and straps himself in next
to the princess.

LEIA
Will he be all right?

WHITSUN
I think so.. His feelings for you are dangerous.  You should discourage him.

She is surprised that Starkiller has any feeling for her, but keeps her
emotions to herself.

123.  BRIDGE - STARSHIP - YAVIN ORBIT

The general is strapped into the lifepod with the two micro-packs containing
the young princes.  Han and Threepio are in the second lifepod.

HAN
We're in orbit.

THREEPIO
We've got to eject now!  Those reactors won't hold much longer.  This ship's
going to end up in a million little pieces,... and I don't want to be one of
them.

HAN
All lifepod systems are operative.

GENERAL (into intercom)
If you boys are ready back there, we'll get off this bucket.

WHITSUN
All systems operative...I have the signal.

ARTWO
All systems operative...We have the signal.

Han salutes the general, and his lifepod jettisons away from the crippled
starship.  He is quickly followed by the general.

124.  AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - YAVIN ORBIT

Artwo pushes the jettison switch, but nothing happens.  Starkiller slowly and
with some difficulty, pushes the switch two or three times.  Nothing happens.
He begins to look a little worried.

STARKILLER (into intercom)
We've got a problem...Wait a second...

Artwo pushes the switch again, and the lifepod blasts off in a cloud of smoke
and debris.  Whitsun also seems to be having a problem.  Half the lights on
his control panel have gone dead.  He struggles to reactivate them.

WHITSUN
My power's out!

GENERAL (over intercom)
Is it a faulty switch?

WHITSUN
No.  The whole bank is out.

Whitsun gives the princess a reassuring look, then punches some information
into the computer.  The monitor flashes:  "Income line main power."  He looks
outside the lifepod and sees a damaged cable.

WHITSUN
I've found it...

GENERAL
You haven't much time...The auxiliary units have already blown....

Whitsun scrambles out of the lifepod and rushes over to the severed connector.

He works on it for a few moments, then stops with a rather defeated look.  The
princess watches him as he tries to think of a solution.  A great explosion is
heard in the forward part of the ship.

125.  LIFEPODS - SPACE - YAVIN ORBIT

The two lifepods containing the general, and Han and Threepio drift away from
the disabled starship.

GENERAL
Where's Starkiller?

HAN
I can't see him either.

Starkiller uses the small rockets on his lifepod to maneuver back toward the
burning starship.  He can hear the general over the intercom.

GENERAL
Starkiller, where are you?  Report in.

Starkiller reaches down and switches off the intercom.

126.  AFT SECTION - STARSHIP - YAVIN ORBIT

Whitsun appears to have found a solution to his situation and rushes back to
the princess.  He reaches in and locks on the power switch.

WHITSUN
There is only one possible solution, and we must use it.  Lock the hitch and
make sure it is sealed.

PRINCESS
But what of...

Another explosion creates a large bulge in the wall of the aft section.

WHITSUN
We've no time!

He slams the hatch shut and runs to the power connector.  Smoke begins to fill
the chamber, as Whitsun slams a large metallic dampening tool across the
damaged connector terminals, and the lifepod jettisons away.

127.  LIFEPODS - SPACE - YAVIN ORBIT

The princess jettisons free, as Starkiller moves toward the crippled ship.
Leia calls the general on the intercom.

LEIA
I'm all right, but Clieg is still on board.

GENERAL
Starkiller, stay out of there.

With a rumble, the starship disappears in a spectacular explosion, sending
debris in all directions.  Starkiller stops his lifepod and it starts to
drift.  He is weeping.  Han and the general helplessly watch the remains of
the explosion drift away.

GENERAL
Starkiller, stay near Leia.  Use your beacon.  Coordinate with us.

Starkiller's intercom is weak, and there is a great deal of static.  The
lifepods drift toward the awesome blue-green Yavin surface.  The general loses
sight of the other lifepods as the descend through the cloud cover.

GENERAL
Captain, I'm losing your beacon.  Send me a new signal.

All he gets is static.  The planet surface rushes toward the falling lifepods.

Retrorockets automatically kick in and slow the pods.  Two of the small craft
break through the clouds and land in the dense, steaming jungles.

128.  VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

The general's lifepod crashes through the foliage until it comes to rest in
the middle of a large vine-covered tree.  He grabs the two micro-packs and
climbs out of the lifepod, and onto a large moss-covered limb.  Han and
Threepio run to the base of the huge tree.

HAN
Are you all right?

GENERAL
Fine...Any signal from Annikin?

HAN
Nothing yet.  I think they landed further south.

The general attaches a thin cable from his utility belt to the tree trunk, and
slides to the ground.  Han takes the micro-packs from him.  The general looks
around at the jungle.

GENERAL
This is dangerous country...We'd better stay together.

THREEPIO
The wildlife in the forbidden system is extremely hostile...Perhaps we should
seek shelter?

Han inspects the power units of the micro packs.

HAN
Windy's unit is very low.  I can't tell if the unit is still functioning.

GENERAL
We have to find a place to revive them.  We'll start moving south.  We should
find protection along that ridge.

The general grabs one of the micro-packs and starts off into the murky jungle.

Han and Threepio quickly follow.  The jungle is a strange and eerie, fog-laden
purgatory.  Gruesome and unnatural sounds permeate this ghostly wasteland.
Everyone is cautious, and on the alert for an unseen danger.

129.  FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - YAVIN

Starkiller's lifepod is also caught in the limbs of a gargantuan tree.  The
lifepod has been ripped in half by the crash landing.  The unconscious Jedi
hangs half out of the damaged craft.  A two foot high insect-like creature
scoots down a branch and onto the back of the dormant warrior.  The insect
lets out a chilling hissing sound, and a slimy tube emerges from its hairy
mouth, waking Starkiller.  He is immediately aware of the insect.  His eyes
are open, but he doesn't move.  Suddenly, with one quick blow, he knocks the
creature against the side of the spacecraft, and it is squashed lifeless.

Starkiller is a little groggy, but he manages to climb out of the wreckage.
He looks around for Artwo.

STARKILLER
Artwo!  Artwo Detwo!

ARTWO
Help!

Starkiller turns and sees the little robot hanging upside down, one of his
three feet caught in a vine.  He lifts Artwo out of his predicament and places
him securely on a wide limb.

STARKILLER
Did you see Leia?

ARTWO
She landed on the other side of those trees, approximately eight hundred
meters.

STARKILLER
Well, come on, old buddy.  Let's get ourselves out of this tree.

130.  VINE JUNGLE RIDGE - YAVIN

The general, Han and Threepio reach a shallow cave near the top of a steep
ridge.  They quickly pull off the micro-packs and place them on a clear piece
of ground at the mouth of the cave.

GENERAL (to Han)
Check out the inside.  Threepio, stand guard.  Keep your eyes on the
countryside.

He looks at the power units on the micro-packs and shakes his head with a
worried look.  Han returns from a survey of the inside of the cave.

HAN
It doesn't go very far.  There's nothing back there.

GENERAL
Help me with this.

Han helps the general lift the top from the case containing Windy, the younger
of the two princes.  The small boy appears lifeless as the general pulls him
from his encasement, and rests him on the cave floor.  Han pulls a small
respiration out of the micro-packs and places it over the boy's nose.  The
general attaches two electrodes over his heart.

HAN
He doesn't look good.

The little prince begins to turn blue.  The general grows tense.  Windy starts
to regain consciousness, but begins coughing and choking, then goes limp
again.  The general quickly props Windy's mouth open with a small plastic rod
and checks the reading on his power pack.

GENERAL
We need more power...tap off Biggs' unit...Quickly!

He then places Windy's arms behind his back and starts pressing on his chest
with sharp, rhythmic movements.  Han attaches new electrodes to the boy's
heart.  Windy again comes to, choking and coughing.  Finally, he begins to
cry.  The general takes the plastic tube from his mouth and tenderly pats him
on the back.

GENERAL
Let's get Biggs out of there.  He shouldn't be a problem.

131.  FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - YAVIN

Starkiller slams closed the hatch of Princess Leia's lifepod.  In the
distance, the subhuman cries of lonesome tree beasts cut through the forest
murmur.

ARTWO
Perhaps she went in search of us.

Starkiller studies the ground around the capsule.  There are a great many
footprints, and much broken foliage.

STARKILLER
Someone's got her.  She put up quite a fight...It's an easy trail to follow.

132.  VINE JUNGLE RIDGE - YAVIN

Both Biggs and Windy are sleeping restlessly on the floor of the cave.  Han
watches over them as the general scans the valley below with a pair of
electrobinoculars.

THREEPIO
It's about fourteen degrees below the horizon... a little to the left.

The electrobinoculars sweep the rich green landscape until the come to rest on
a bright reflection, revealing some type of structure.

GENERAL
It's too small to be a military base...Could belong to a trapper.

THREEPIO
Highly unusual...

GENERAL
It's on the way.  Perhaps we should investigate.

Little Biggs wakes up with a giant yawn.

BIGGS
Hey!  Where are we?

133.  FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - YAVIN

The gargantuan trees are shrouded in mist, and the ominous sounds of unearthly
creatures fill the air.  Starkiller moves quietly and cautiously, followed by
Artwo, who inadvertently makes a loud clicking sound.  The young warrior
stops, and motions to the stubby little robot.

STARKILLER
Wait here.  If I don't return by zero two hundred, come looking for me.

The mechanical dwarf acknowledges with his computer light.  Starkiller moves
swiftly and silently forward, until he hears laughing and voices.  He climbs
up the bankside of a huge tree, and inches his way out onto one of the huge
overhanging branches.  Below him, he can see a group of scruffy, alien
trappers sitting around a nutron stove joking and telling stories.  Parked on
either side of the group are two large, tank-like "jungle crawlers."  Behind
the crawlers, five Wookees, (huge grey and furry beasts) hang upside down in a
tree.  Occasionally, they thrash about in great anger and frustration.

The trappers speak in a strange language, and although they appear slightly
human, they are slimy, deformed, hideous looking creatures.  Two of the
trappers yell at one another in a friendly argument.  One shirtless creature
goes into a "crawler," and the remaining eight laugh hysterically.  Starkiller
moves further out on the limb to get a better view.  A couple of pieces of
bark break loose, and float a hundred feet to the ground.  The trappers fail
to notice.  Moments later, the shirtless trapper emerges from the crawler with
Princess Leia held unconscious and half naked over his head.  Starkiller's
rage knows no bounds.  With a terrifying Jedi war cry, the young captain jumps
from the tree, sails over a hundred feet, and with great agility, lands in the
middle of the startled trappers.  In one continuous rapid motion, he ignites
his lasersword and cuts down three of the vile creatures.  The shirtless
trapper swings the princess over his shoulder, and runs back into the huge
"jungle crawler."  Two other trappers reach for their pistols, but the Jedi
has killed them before their weapons can clear leather.  The three remaining
creatures have their pistols out and start firing.  Explosions erupt all
around Starkiller.  One blast hits the branch holding the Wookees, and they
collapse with a loud screech in a heap.  One of the trappers is caught in the
crossfire and is blown apart.

When the smoke clears, Starkiller lies unconscious amid the burning rubble.
The jungle crawler begins to move out of the camp.  The last two trappers run
after it.  One is able to jump on board, but the second trapper runs too close
to the now freed Wookees.  Chewbacca, one of the furry giants, grabs him and
snaps him in two, like a stick of wood.  The jungle crawler disappears in the
forest mist.  The eight foot Chewbacca, who resembles a huge, grey bushbaby
with fierce baboon-like fangs, struggles to free his companions.

Starkiller regains semiconsciousness, and attempts to get up, only to groan
and collapse back into unconsciousness.  The Wookees gather around him and
poke him a couple times to see if he is still alive.  They squawk and jabber,
apparently in some kind of argument.  Finally, Dewanna, the largest of the
Wookees, picks up Starkiller and puts him over his shoulder.  The group
disappears into the jungle foliage.

134.  TREE HOUSE - FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - YAVIN

Han and Threepio carry the two little boys on their shoulders.  The general
stops on the edge of a clearing, and motions for the others to be still.
Biggs turns around, and signals his little brother to be quiet.  On the
opposite side of the clearing, a small metal structure is attached to one of
the huge trees.  It is a small, weatherbeaten hut of futuristic design.  It
appears deserted.  The general cautiously approaches the structure.

VOICE
Howdy stranger...What can I offer you?

The general spins around and sees Owen Lars, an aged and scruffy looking
anthropologist.

LARS (con't)
I'm Owen Lars of Bastine.

The general takes the old man's extended hand.

GENERAL
I'm Luke Skywalker of Aquilae.

He signals for the others to join him in the clearing.

135.  WOOKEE CAMP - YAVIN

The small caravan of Wookees, led by Chewbacca, enters a small clearing
surrounded by many bark and mud hovels.  Young Wookees race ahead of the group
yelling, and running in and out of the grubby little dwellings.  Giant,
bushbaby-like Wookees of all ages and sizes, make their way into the clearing.

Many stand dumbfounded, but others let out a joyful scream and rush up to
members of the group, hugging and kissing them.

Dewanna dumps the unconscious Starkiller on a raised area in the middle of the
clearing.  Armed Wookees immediately surround the helpless human.  Chewbacca
enters the largest of the lodges.  He is greeted by his father, Auzituck,
Chief of the Kaapauku tribe; an old and feeble Wookee dressed in royal skins
and headdress.

136.  INTERIOR - ANTHROPOLOGIST HUT - YAVIN

Anthropologist Lars, the general, Han and the children sit around a large
table eating.  Lars yells into the kitchen.

LARS
Beru!  Where's the thanta sauce?

Beru Lars, Owen's warm, plump wife, enters, carrying a small pitcher.  She
smiles at Owen.

BERU
I swan!  I put it right here in front, so you'd see it...(to Han)  Here's some
Bum Bum extract.  It's very mild...

LARS (to general)
There are no settlers to the south since the Dau family was wiped out... I'm
afraid I couldn't even get in there to bury them... Those Wookees are the
fiercest critters I've ever run across.  A new tribe moved in down there about
a year ago...and it's been hell ever since.  Only Yourellian trappers venture
in there now, and many of them don't even come back.

GENERAL
Where's the nearest city?

LARS
No cities at all...only a few scattered settlers and -- one Imperial
outpost... But the troops are of no help.  They kill and plunder rather than
protect...Enough...If your friends landed father south, I'd fear for them.

HAN
How far is the outpost from here?

LARS
Five leagues...an oppressive blight.

GENERAL
What class is it?  How many support craft?

LARS
It's very small, a class two....Only ten or twelve starraiders, I think.

Beru fusses over the boys, who refuse to eat their vegetables.  She makes up a
game, which tricks them into eating.  The general ponders the situation.  Han
eats, like he hasn't eaten in years.

137.  WOOKEE CAMP - AQUILAE [??  Yavin?]

Starkiller is surrounded by Wookees.  Young ones push through to get a better
look, as the adults jabber and argue about the human.  Starkiller regains
consciousness with a groan, and a sudden hush sweeps over the gathering.
Starkiller staggers to his feet, and the group of Wookees back away in mass.
The young Jedi surveys the situation for a few moments.  The Wookees appear to
be frightened of this brave warrior.  He reaches for his weapons, but they are
gone.  Three guards with long spears attempt to contain Starkiller.  With a
loud shout, he lunges at them, and they give him a little room.

Jommillia, a large, ferocious Wookee, steps forward.  He says something to the
guards, and they quickly move away.  He struts before Starkiller, boasting and
taunting him with his spear and battle ax.  The captain studies the Wookee
warrior as he paces back and forth, his helmet plumes dancing and chest armor
jangling.  Without warning, Starkiller lets out another loud yell, startling
Jommillia into backing off.  Starkiller continues his verbal assault, calling
the uncomprehending Wookee all manner of vile and degrading things.  Jommillia
continues to back into the surrounding crowd, momentarily confused by this odd
behaviour.  Slowly, Jommillia begins to grin.  He takes a defensive stance,
then begins to laugh hysterically.  This stops Starkiller.  The giant Wookee
swings his deadly, double-bladed battle ax over his head and expertly throws
it directly at the young captain's head.  To the amazement of Jommillia and
the other Wookees, Starkiller, with Jedi skill and concentration, catches the
ax in mid-air, then charges his furry opponent.

Jommillia is caught off-guard, but manages to block Starkiller's attack with
his spear.  The two warriors engage in a savage and fantastic duel.
Starkiller cuts the Wookee's spear in half, but is hit along the side of the
head by the shaft and is momentarily dazed.  The battle ax is knocked from his
hands.  He grabs the spear shaft and rams the giant creature in the belly.  A
loud command from outside the crowd stops the fight.  The Wookees part,
revealing Chewbacca and his father, who approach the two warriors.  Jommillia
bows before his chief, and is commanded to move away.  Chewbacca speaks to
Starkiller.  He doesn't understand, but welcomes the chance to catch his
breath.  Chewbacca then presents his father, who steps forward and bows before
the mighty Jedi.  Chewbacca bows also, as the crowd of Wookees chatter in
disbelief.  When the chief and his son rise, Starkiller bows down before them.

This pleases the Wookees, and they screech and cheer.

138.  TREE HOUSE - FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - YAVIN

Mr. and Mrs. Lars stand on the balcony of their tree house with Threepio and
the two little princes, Biggs, and Windy.  Han and the general emerge with
large survival backpacks and multiplelaser weapons.

GENERAL (to Threepio)
We'll call for you when we've found them.

THREEPIO
Your orders are quite clear.  The boys will be quite safe.

LARS
Don't worry.  The patrols never come out this far.  We'll take good care of
the boys.

GENERAL
Lars, your kindness will surely be rewarded.

LARS
Just be careful out there...

He pats Skywalker on the back as the old Jedi and the ever faithful Han
descend from the tree house.  [something whited out?]  At the base of the huge
tree, the warriors climb aboard two small rocket powered platforms.

LARS (yelling down to them)
They're pretty old.  I hope they'll be all right!

GENERAL
Out here, they're a wonderment.

Threepio and the kids wave as the jelsticks start with a whine.  They idle
about five feet above the ground.

LARS
Good hunting.  May the force of others be with you.

Han and the general wave as they ride off into the foreboding Yavin sunset.

139.  WOOKEE CAMP - YAVIN - NIGHT

A beautiful, but frenzied fire festival is underway.  Wookees perform the
Waita Tar dance, and yodel in a barking fashion around a large fire.  The
female Wookees arrive, carrying torches, and move in a circle around the
males.  The giant creatures are too involved to notice that little Artwo makes
his way around the dancers.  The stubby robot stops near one of the mud huts,
and looks around.  He then wobbles off toward the large chief's quarters, and
enters.

140.  WOOKEE CAMP - YAVIN - MORNING

Artwo exits the chief's hut and looks around.  It is a quiet, grey morning.  A
low mist hangs over the now deserted clearing.  He turns and signals back into
the hut.  Starkiller cautiously emerges from the mud house.  he wears a crude
backpack, and carries a large battle ax.  They start across the clearing.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, Chewbacca is standing before them.  He says nothing,
but scratches his head and then circles around Starkiller.

STARKILLER
We are leaving...We must go.  Stand away!

The huge Wookee kneels and bows down in front of the young Jedi.  Starkiller
looks down and smiles.

STARKILLER
Rise my friend.  We will meet again.

Starkiller walks toward the jungle and Chewbacca scurries ahead of him and
bows down once more.

ARTWO
What does he want?

Starkiller shakes his head, and rubs his several days growth of beard.  He
leans down toward Chewbacca.

STARKILLER
Stand up so we can talk properly.

Chewbacca jabbers in a [something whited out] questioning fashion.

STARKILLER
I am grateful to you and your people, but I must go.  I wish you understood
me.  It would make things so much easier.  Go!  Go!

Starkiller turns away, and begins to walk toward the jungle again.  Chewbacca
gets to his feet, and runs after the Jedi, following a few paces behind.
Starkiller notices the Wookee following them, and shakes his head.

141.  FOREST OF THE GARGANTUANS - TRAPPER SIGHT [sic] - YAVIN

The bodies of the killed trappers are covered with rat-sized insects.  A laser
explosion erupts in the middle of the slimy creatures and they scatter into
the underbrush.  Han and the general turn over one of the dead trappers.

HAN
They ran into something.

GENERAL
It's strange they left their dead.  Something...

The constant cacophony of jungle creatures suddenly stops.  The two warriors
scan the jungle for possible danger.  Han draws his laserpistol.  The
cacophony starts again, as the general ignites his lasersword.

HAN
Two or three moving this way, from the east.

He listens more closely for a few moments.

HAN (con't)
It's Artwo!

Starkiller and Artwo break out of the dark foliage into the clearing.  He
waves to Han and the general.  Artwo waddles a few paces behind.  Chewbacca
sees the humans and stops at the edge of the jungle.  He watches as Starkiller
and the general carry on an animated conversation.  Han sees the Wookee
lurking in the shadows.

HAN
You were followed.

STARKILLER
He wouldn't stay.  He's one of the ones I saved...

Han calls out to Chewbacca in the Wookee's own language, and the huge,
lumbering creature approaches the group.  Han and the Wookee talk for a few
moments, then embrace as if they were old friends.  Starkiller is surprised.

HAN (to Starkiller)
This is Chewbacca, son of Auzituck, Prince of the Sawas, a very powerful
tribe.  It seems they've made you a god.

The general smiles.  Starkiller is embarrassed.

142.  VINE JUNGLE RIDGE - YAVIN

Starkiller joins the general on a ridge overlooking the Imperial outpost of
Mavassi.  All that can be seen of the fortress is a lone guard standing on a
small pedastal, jutting out above the dense jungle.

GENERAL
Their trail leads directly to the outpost.  Patrols are probably out looking
for us by now.

STARKILLER
Finding her in there isn't going to be easy.

GENERAL
Getting in there is going to be impossible.  We could sure use one of those
starships.

Starkiller spots something moving in the jungle.  He scans the area with his
electrobinoculars.

STARKILLER
Something's going on down there...Han!

Han moves up next to Starkiller, followed closely by Chewbacca.

STARKILLER
Your eyes are better than mine....What do you make of that?

HAN
They look like Wookees...hundreds of them.

Han turns and speaks to Chewbacca, gesturing toward the movement far below in
the jungle.

HAN
Apparently, it's a siege.  They've been harassing the outpost for almost two
years.

GENERAL
Have they ever tried to take the fortress?

Han relays this to Chewbacca.

HAN
He says they've made several assaults, but they are no match for the weapons.

GENERAL
It's only a class three fortress.  Maybe they just need a little help.

Starkiller grins, and Han says something to Chewbacca, who becomes excited and
screeches loudly.

143.  INTERIOR - TREEHOUSE - YAVIN

The incoming signal alarm on the anthropologist's radio system wails through
the calm of the tree house.  Biggs, dragging an eight-legged, furry rodent,
rushes up to the old radio and flips the receiver.

BIGGS
I'm reading yah.  Go ahead.

GENERAL
Biggs, how are you getting along?

BIGGS
Great!  I caught a thumper...a really big one.  Its name is "Amber."

He yanks on the leash, and the furry beast lets out a strained yelp.

GENERAL
Good, Biggs.  How's your brother?  Are you taking good care of him?

BIGGS
Oh, sure.  He's out collecting "Abas" with Owen and Beru.  I'm in charge here.

Did you find Leia?

GENERAL
Not yet.  We'll be away for a while.  You mind Lars until we return.  May the
force of others be with you.

BIGGS
All right.  Take care.

Threepio enters the room, carrying a plate of steaming food.  Biggs turns the
radio off, and puts the receiver away.  A crashing sound and voices are heard
in the clearing below.

THREEPIO
Come and eat your dinner.

BIGGS
They're back!  They're back!  Come Amber!

The furry rodent jumps up onto its eight stubby legs and rushes over to the
door, but stops short, and begins to growl.  Biggs stops behind the creature.

BIGGS
What is it, Amber?

Biggs peeks out the window, and sees a patrol of six Imperial stormtroopers
climbing out of an airtank.  He ducks back, and tugs Amber away from the door.

BIGGS
Quiet, Amber.  Come here.  Come on.

THREEPIO
What's wrong?

BIGGS
Troopers.  We must hide!  Stay quiet.

Biggs and the robot scramble for a trap door near a large shelf.  The troops
begin to climb the ladder to the tree house.  The trap door is heavy, and the
robot and the little boy struggle to get it open.  The troops break in the
door, just as Threepio closes the trap door.  The stormtroopers are led by a
rough looking sergeant.  They poke around, tearing everything apart.  Biggs
struggles to keep Amber quiet.  Suddenly he realizes something.

BIGGS
The food!

The sergeant takes the bowl of food from the table and studies it.  He then
takes a small chrome ball from his pocket, and tosses it into the air.
[something whited out?]  Antennae shoot from its surface as it floats around
the room.  Eventually, it hovers over the trap door.  A sinister grin sweeps
across the sergeant's face as he moves over to the trap door and puts the
chrome ball back into his pocket.

Threepio puts his arm around Biggs who is desperately clutching the struggling
thumper.  All the movement above them stops, and Biggs looks to the robot.

THREEPIO (quietly)
They're still up there.  Stay still.

The silence continues, then suddenly the trap door swings open with a loud
bang.  Amber breaks away from Biggs, and attacks the sergeant.  One of the
other troopers cuts the thumper in half with his lasersword.  The sergeant
pulls Biggs out of his hiding place.  Biggs stares at the dead thumper.

SERGEANT
Well, well, here's one of them, anyway.  Send seekers in all directions.  Find
the others!

144.  VINE JUNGLE RIDGE - YAVIN

The general sits at the head of the large stone table, pushing small markers
around.  Han explains what the general is doing, to ten or fifteen Wookee
chiefs gathered around the table.  Occasionally, Chewbacca puts in a word of
further explanation or answers a question.  Starkiller sits back silently
watching the Wookee warriors and listens to the general's plan.

GENERAL
.... then they pull back to here.  That's where the trap will be set.  No-one
must advance.  An assault on the perimeter is useless.  Our only hope is to
use their weapons against them.

The general pauses, while Han and Chewbacca translate.

GENERAL (to Starkiller)
Once we acquire those tanks, our prime object must be to secure the starship.
No-one must escape.

145.  IMPERIAL OUTPOST - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

Three officers run along a row of giant air tnaks to a perimeter bunker.
There, two stormtroopers are watching the jungle.  When the officers arrive,
the troopers let them look through the powerful, mounted electrobinoculars.
One of the troopers points out several areas in the dense jungle.

146.  INTERIOR - CONTROL ROOM - IMPERIAL OUTPOST - YAVIN

A trooper sitting at an elaborate control panel, turns to an officer watching
a monitor system.

TROOPER
A large concentration of trestuals at point E-2.

OFFICER
Alert squads one through six!

147.  VINE JUNGLES - OUTPOST PERIMETER - YAVIN

The general stands in a small clearing surrounded, by many armed Wookees
carrying large shiny shields.  Han moves back and forth, barking orders to the
assembled creatures.

GENERAL (to Han)
We're ready.  Give them the signal.

Han motions to a young Wookee, who takes off, running through the jungle.

148.  IMPERIAL OUTPOST - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

Three large air tanks slowly move toward the outpost perimeter.  The tank
pilots sit on the hatch rims of the ponderous weapons, studying the movements
of the Wookees.  The tank personnel talk to one another on an intercom system.

TANK PILOT
There is a large concentration....red two by C-3.  Let's break them up.

The pilots slip into the tanks and close the hatches.  The tanks open up with
a barrage of laser bolts which create a wall of explosions.  The Wookies
retreat, and the tanks follow.  The tank crews track the feeling creatures
with various electronic scopes, and laugh at the fleeing creatures.

149.  VINE JUNGLE - OUTPOST PERIMETER - YAVIN

The general stands on a limb of a jungle tree, watching the advancing tanks.
Starkiller is on another branch a few feet away.

GENERAL
They've grown sloppy fighting Wookees.  The intra-fazer systems aren't on.
They're in for a little surprise.

Starkiller flashes a signal mirror, which is received by a Wookee near the
tanks.  The Wookees are in pairs, and they hold heavy stone wedges attached to
woven vines; which in turn, are fastened high in the trees.  When the tanks
pass directly under the Wookees, they let loose with the heavy stone
pendulums.  The wedges fly through the air, neatly clipping off the antenna
groupings protruding from the tops of the air tanks.

150.  INTERIOR - AIR TANK - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

Several of the lights and monitors go dark on the main control panel.  The
pilot flips several switches in a panic.

PILOT
All high phasing units are out.  We've lost all contact....

SERGEANT
Send out a ground signal!

Suddenly, all of the monitors go white, and static fills the crowded tank
interior.  An alarm signal sounds.

SERGEANT
What is it?!!!

PILOT
All signals...sensers....everything is coming right back to us.  Some kind of
deflection screen.  It's a total blackout.

SERGEANT
Get out there and see if you can see anything.

The pilot pushes a button and the main hatch slowly slides away.

151.  VINE JUNGLE - OUTPOST PERIMETER - YAVIN

The pilot pops out of the hatch and sses two rows of Wookee warriors holding
reflective shields.  They form a circle that totally encompasses the massive
air tank.  Han shouts a signal to a group of Wookees in another tree, and they
cut loose a bent limb which is attached to a noose around the tank's hatch.
The noose instantly tightens around the pilot, and he is plucked from the tank
and suspended fifty feet in the air.  In an equally swift move, Starkiller
drops a small gas grenade into the open hatch.  It explodes and engulfs the
tank in a grey mist.

The Wookees let out a joyful yell, and charge the tank.  Han yells at them to
stop, but several make it to the conquered craft before the gas cloud
dissipates and they are felled by the fumes.  Starkiller shakes his head, then
after the smoke clears, jumps on the back of the immobile tank.

Several signal mirrors flash their messages to Han and the general.

HAN
That makes four captured.

GENERAL
Have them camouflaged.  I'm going with Starkiller.

152.  INTERIOR - AIR-TANK - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

Wookees are removing the tank crew as Starkiller checks out the power
controls.  The general slides through the main hatch.

GENERAL
Any damage?

STARKILLER
She's fine...We're ready to move.

GENERAL
Then let's go...

The general yells for the Wookees to clear the tanks, and they scramble out of
the hatch.

153.  VINE JUNGLE - OUTPOST PERIMETER - YAVIN

The tank starts up with a loud roar, startling the many Wookees resting on the
mighty vehicle.  Chewbacca yells at the warriors and they fall a few feet
behind the tank, their shields forming a shiny protective wall.

154.  IMPERIAL OUTPOST - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

Several officers stand on a parked air-tank trying to get a better view of the
operation.  A light landspeeder pulls up next to the group, and a general gets
out.  The officers snap to attention.

GENERAL
Can you see anything?

OFFICER
No Sir, but they've stopped firing.

AID [sic]
Communications still can't reach them, Sir.

GENERAL
Nobody seems to know what's going on.

OFFICER
I'm sure they've got them on the run, Sir.

A laserbolt flashes out of the jungle and knocks out a guard tower about a
quarter of a mile from where the men are standing.  Seconds later, the air-
tank on which they are standing explodes into a million pieces.  Out of the
jungle, rumbles the captured air-tank, driven by Starkiller and followed by a
column of Wookee warriors.

Alarms sound, troops rush from the low block houses, and a battle rages inside
the outpost.  Wookees with spears, axes, and arrows, manage to hold their own
against the laser weapons of the stormtroopers.  Explosions erupt everywhere,
as the Wookees begin to use captured laserrifles.  They are much fiercer
fighters than the soft Imperial troops.

155.  INTERIOR - AIR-TANK - OUTPOST - YAVIN

Starkiller works the controls of the air-tank as the general watches the
monitors, and works the laserguns.

GENERAL
Swing left.  They're trying to cut us off.

156.  STARSHIP RUNWAY - IMPERIAL OUTPOST - YAVIN

Starkiller maneuvers the air-tank in front of a line of ten starships, cutting
off a platoon of stormtroopers.  The troops open fire on the tank, but are cut
down by a group of Wookees who have moved in behind them.  Han and Artwo run
up to the tank as Starkiller and the general climb out of the hatch.

HAN
We've taken the main control center.  All power units have been shut down.
They're helpless.

STARKILLER
Have they found Leia?

HAN
They've taken her back to Aquilae.  The ship left not more than ten hours ago.

GENERAL (to Han)
Set up a perimeter around these starships...Use as many men as you need.

157.  STAFF OFFICE - IMPERIAL OUTPOST - YAVIN

Starkiller and the general sit at a large table in the deserted office of the
Imperial Chief of Staff.  The room is in a state of disarray; papers are
scattered everywhere.  Artwo stands on a chair, projecting an image of the
"death star" fortress orbiting Aquilae, on the table top.

ARTWO
....And are connected to the central system by a series of crossing networks
similar to section TB4 or F687.

The projection switches to a close-up view of the transformer.  The general
studies it carefully, then leans back in his chair.  Artwo turns off the
projector.

GENERAL
I'm not going to stop you, but I think it's a reckless move.  Even if you
could get in, you'd never be able to get out... Just be patient.  We now have
enough ships to attack in force.

STARKILLER
But no pilots...

Han and Chewbacca enter the office.

HAN
Still no contact with Owen Lars or the kids...I'm afraid something's happened.

GENERAL
Have Chewbacca send two of his best warriors out there to get them.

Han relates this to Chewbacca.  The general turns back to Starkiller, who
watches Chewbacca leave the room.

STARKILLER (mocking)
They're fierce warriors, but you'll never teach them to fly.

The general gives him a stern look.

GENERAL
They'll fly, and Aquilae will be free.

STARKILLER
May the force of others be with you.

The general embraces the young Jedi.

GENERAL
Bring her back safely.

158.  OUTPOST RUNWAY - STARSHIP - YAVIN

Starkiller, dressed as an Imperial skyraider, and Artwo climb aboard one of
the giant four-man starships.  A crowd of Wookees, lead by Chewbacca, give a
rousing cheer for the departing Jedi.  Starkiller breaks into a smile and
waves to the joyous warriors.  The general watches the proceedings from a
bunker turret.  He is lost in thought.

159.  SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Three Imperial space transports dock inside the huge artificial moon.  Two
smaller convoy starships circle the larger craft until the three ships are
safely inside the vast fortress.

160.  CONFERENCE ROOM - INTERIOR SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

General Vader of the Imperial Space Fleet, hurries down a hallway, followed by
a group of officers.  They enter the large conference room where Leia is held
under heavy squad.  She appears well, but saddened.  Vader approaches her and
bows  before her.

VADER
I pray you have been treated honorably?  I am your servant, Darth Vader.  It
won't be long before we will be able to return you to your people.  (to an
aide)  Are the chambers ready?

AIDE
They are working on it, Sir.

Leia stares defiantly at him.  She starts to speak, but a powerful electric
shock engulfs her body, and she whines in extreme pain.

VADER
Just relax, and everything will be fine.  (to guards)  Take her to section
twenty-five.

Leia is forcibly taken from the room.

VADER (to officer)
What time do the doctors from Alderaan arrive?

OFFICER
Sixty-five hours, Sir.

VADER
Put all security stations on alert until they arrive.

The officer salutes smartly, and exits.

161.  IMPERIAL OUTPOST - VINE JUNGLE - YAVIN

A huge air tank rumbles along the approach to the Imperial outpost.  The pilot
sits on the main hatch of the tank, talking to his crew, by headphones.

PILOT
Any contact yet?... It appears deserted...I don't like it.

The tank enters the outpost perimeter and smoking rubble from the recent
battle comes into view.  The pilot becomes alarmed.

PILOT
There has been an attack!  Reverse direction.

The tank comes to a grinding halt, but before it can start up again, it is
surrounded by the Wookee army.  From out of nowhere, a Wookee is on the back
of the air-tank and has the pilot in a powerful armlock.

A Wookee chieftain rushes from a bunker, followed by an excited, jabbering
warrior.  They reach the captured air-tank just as the last crewman is hauled
out, and little Biggs pokes his head out of the hatch.  He is frightened.  His
younger brother, Windy, follows him out of the tank.  Below them, the Wookees
bully the captured crewmen.

WINDY
What will they do to us?

BIGGS
I don't know, but it don't look good.

Threepio pulls himself out of the air-tank, followed by Owen Lars and his
wife.  The Wookee chieftain climbs on board, and starts to jabber at the
group.  The Wookee carries on for some time, gesturing wildly, and continually
pointing at the sky.  The two boys are too scared to say anything.  Finally,
the Wookee kneels before them.  Threepio politely returns a short bow.

BIGGS
I don't get it.

The Wookee rises and again gestures skyward, just then a starship wildly
buzzes the field, upsidedown.  All the Wookees run for cover.  The chief
Wookee points to the crafts, and jabbers incessantly.

162.  INTERIOR - IMPERIAL STARSHIP - SKY OVER YAVIN

Chewbacca sits at the controls of a four-man starship.  His face is a twisted
combination of complete panic and an awesome religious experience.  The
general, sitting next to him, calmly switches a few buttons on the control
panel, as Han watches from the seat directly behind the Wookee.

GENERAL
You'll get the hang of it.

Han also gives the Wookee a few words of encouragement.

GENERAL
Now, let's see if we can get into orbit...Push this, then ease her up.

Chewbacca follows the instructions, but pulls back on the lever too fast and
the ships begins to vibrate and bounce violently.  Chewbacca thinks it's
funny, and begins to laugh hysterically.  Han becomes nervous and quiet.

GENERAL
Not so fast - Back off!  Back off!

Han yells at the Wookee, who can't respond because he is laughing so hard.
The general pulls back on the lever.  Han shakes his head, and gives the
general a worried look.

GENERAL
Don't worry.  Ignorance is on their side.

Han is beginning to look a little sick.  He gets up and rushes to the back of
the ship.

163.  IMPERIAL SPACE FORTRESS - DOCKING AREA - AQUILAE

The canopy on the starship pops open, and Artwo and the young Jedi, disguised
as a starraider, climb out onto the docking platform.  An officer and two
groundcrew approach him and salute.  Starkiller hands him his papers.

STARKILLER
I'm here to check the vent ports in the rim tracks.

OFFICER
Your ship is from Yavin... We've lost all contact with them.  What's going on
out there?

STARKILLER
There is a fierce inversion just east of Bull Pup station... It's really a
mess out there.

The officer smiles and the ground crew starts to check out the starship.
Starkiller heads for the main docking exit, followed by Artwo.  He remembers
something as he passes the control station, and calls out to the officer.

STARKILLER
Do you mind if I use your com-link?

OFFICER
No.  Go ahead.

Starkiller walks into the small control area and pretends to talk on an
intercom system.

STARKILLER (to Artwo)
Find the highest security area.

Artwo punches his claw arm into a computer socket, and the brain comes to
life, feeding information to the little robot.

Starkiller watches the officer as he directs the crewmen in the securing of
the starship.  Artwo removes his arm from the computer, and the duo leave the
control station.

ARTWO
Station 325 is the highest security area on board.  It's a detention area.

They disappear into a chamber lock hallway.

164.  ELEVATOR TUBE - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Starkiller, trying to look inconspicuous, waits for a horizontal elevator.
Troops and fortress personnel come and go, but no-one seems to pay any
attention to the pair.  Finally a small car arrives, and Starkiller follows
Artwo into the podlike vehicle, and it takes off through a vacuum tunnel.

165.  DETENTION AREA - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Starkiller and Artwo enter a security station.  Guards and electronic cutters
are everywhere.  An officer approaches Starkiller, and checks his papers.

OFFICER
The B-23 can't enter this station.

STARKILLER
But I need him.

OFFICER
Sorry.  No mechanical personnel.  It's restricted.

Starkiller watches helplessly, as Artwo is led into a waiting area.

OFFICER
You may proceed, but you'll have to be escorted.

A trooper joins Starkiller and leads him through a series of hallways.
Starkiller carefully surveys the area as he follows the guard.

TROOPER
Mathusians just beat the PDR's again.  They should be in another league.  Do
you follow the ecometrics?

The guard turns to discover that Starkiller has disappeared.  He is stunned,
then manages to pull out a small ring radio.

TROOPER
Code six - Alert.

166.  STARSHIP RUNWAY - IMPERIAL OUTPOST - YAVIN

Six Wookees sit before Han and the general, listening to Han explain something
about space fighting.  Owen Lars approaches the general.

LARS
We've made contact with the underground on Aquilae.  Things are tighter.  They
can only get one man out.  Datos is on his way.

GENERAL
We should be ready by the time he arrives.

Han turns to the general.

HAN
They're ready to go up.

The general makes a short statement to the Wookes in their own language.  They
let out a loud cheer, and run for the row of starships.

167.  STARSHIP - SPACE - YAVIN

The general sits next to Chewbacca, as he leads two other Wookee piloted
starships in a tight formation.  They head for a small cluster of asteroids
orbiting near the planet's surface.  The general quietly gives Chewbacca some
reassuring instructions.  Han leads a second formation of three ships,
following Chewbacca's group.  The two formations of starships make an attack
run on the asteroids.  The general watches as Chewbacca lines up and fires at
an asteroid blowing it into a million pieces.  The general smiles, and slaps
Chewbacca on the back.  The Wookees excitedly chatter among themselves over
the intercom system.

168.  DETENTION AREA HALLWAY - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

A patrol of ten men marches through one of the long hallways in the detention
area.  They stop at an intersection.  The officer in charge reports on the
intercom.

OFFICER
Ben Five to Moma.  All clear.

The troops relax, some stand in groups, others wander a distance away, poking
into the various small alleyways running off the main hallway.  One trooper
notices a small reflected light in one of the narrow corridors, and carefully
moves down the dark passageway to check it out.  Out of no-where, a fist
knocks the trooper unconscious and drags him into a small alcove.

The officer finishes his report on the intercom and yells for the troops to
fall-in.  Men scurry in all directions and out of a narrow corridor emerges
Starkiller, dressed in the uniform of an Imperial startrooper.  He joins the
platoon, and they march away.

169.  GENERAL'S QUARTERS - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

General Vader and several officers watch the progress of the search on TV
monitors.  The general speaks into an intercom.

VADER
Have them clear the area.  Bring in the seekers.

On the monitors, the troops are assembled in the main entry-way and several
small chrome balls are thrown into the hallway.  Small antennae pop from the
chrome surface, and the small balls float down the hallways.  Valorum, once a
proud Knight of the Sith, enters wearing the uniform of a stormtrooper.  He
snaps to attention before the general, and hands him a report.  Vader gives
Valorum a sly grin.

VALORUM
Contact has been lost with the ship carrying the doctors from Alderaan.  The
princess' treatment will have to be delayed.

VADER
We've just trapped your own friend Starkiller.  Watch us accomplish what you
found to be impossible.

Valorum is humiliated, but stays at attention.  Valorum [Vader?] gets an
emergency call on the intercom.

VADER
Yes...Yes... Put it on the view screen.

One of the TV monitors switches to an image of the unconscious trooper
Starkiller stripped.

VADER
Get me the Captain of the Guard.

170.  DETENTION AREA - MAIN ENTRY - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Three squads of troops including Starkiller, stand at attention in the main
entrance to the detention center, while the Captain of the Guard gets new
orders over his headphones.  Starkiller studies the situation carefully,
looking for a way out of his predicament.  The Captain of the Guard calls up
the platoon sergeants and gives them a series of orders.  They return to their
squads and begin to inspect the troops.  Starkiller begins to get worried.

The sergeant works his way down the line until he gets to the trooper next to
Starkiller.  He sees no chance of escape, but surprise.  Suddenly, he bolts
from the ranks and races down the hallway.

CAPTAIN OF THE GUARD
Squad leaders!

Ten troopers break out of the ranks and take up the chase.  Starkiller runs
down a corridor and rounds a corner, reaching a dead end.  The troops round
the corner and confront the trapped Jedi.  The sound of igniting laserswords
fills the hallway.  Starkiller takes a defensive stance, his huge lasersword
buzzing loudly.  The troops attack.  They fight with skill and bravery, but
are eventually all cut down by the invincible Jedi warrior.

Starkiller breaks away from the troops and runs down a long hallway.  A safety
door slides shut, closing off his escape.  He turns around in time to see
another door seal off the opposite end of the hallway.  Before he can make any
attempt to pry open the door, gas fills the sealed corridor.  Starkiller
collapses in a heap on the floor.

171.  GENERAL'S QUARTERS - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Vader laughs as he watches the unconscious Starkiller on the TV monitors.  All
of the other officers in the room are [something whited out] laughing and
joking, except Valorum, who remains grimly at attention.

GENERAL (to Valorum)
Take him to the special section.

Valorum salutes, and exits the offices.  Vader laughs again.

172.  STARSHIP RUNWAY - IMPERIAL OUTPOST - YAVIN

Nine gleaming starships sit in a row along the edge of the vast jungle runway.

Bizarre and colorful Wookee designs have been painted across the large
deflector fins of the spacecraft.  Some designs transform the ships into huge
and grotesque animals, while others create unique mosaic patterns.  The four-
man Wookee crews stand proudly at attention in front of their ships.  The
general, along with Han and the underground leader, Datos, review the
assembled Wookees.

In one of the Wookee crews, a pilot is picking fleas off the back of his tail
gunner.  When the general passes, he snaps to attention.  There is a gleam in
the general's eye as he shows off his strike force to the crusty old
underground leader.  When they've inspected the last starship, Datos turns to
the general.

DATOS
I'm speechless.  It's amazing.  A most impressive display.  For the first time
since the take-over, I feel real hope.

GENERAL
Will your people be ready?

DATOS
Our forces have already started sabotaging their com-link set ups.  A refugee
camp on Mananyo has been conducting raids on shipping from Alderaan.  That's
how we intercepted those doctors...

GENERAL (to Han)
Get them in the ships... We're on our way.  (to Datos)  Send the code signal.

173.  DETENTION CELL - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

General Vader and Valorum watch as a medic revives Starkiller, who has been
strapped to an upright slab, protected by cutter-rays.

MEDIC
He's coming round.

The medic backs away, and throws the switch which activates the cutters.  A
blue glow surrounds Starkiller as he wakes up and sees Vader and Valorum.

VADER
For all the myths and the trouble, you don't seem like much...

He laughs and leaves Valorum alone in the room with the young Jedi.  Valorum
appears sad and frustrated at the capture of the noble warrior.  They stare at
one another for a few moments.

VALORUM
You were insane to come here.  The security on this... this thing is
impossible.  Why?....For her?  I can't believe your loyalty is that strong.
You're a great warrior... but you're a greater fool.  This is a place for
androids, no codes, no honor.  Our ways are useless here.  Why couldn't you
have stayed away?

He storms out of the cell.  Starkiller struggles to free himself.

174.  SLUM DWELLING - GORDON SPACEPORT - AQUILAE

The young partisan, Occo, listens to a small transmitter in a secret closet
behind the main room in a slum dwelling.  He jumps up and runs into the main
room, where Quist and several other men are sitting around a table covered
with maps and plans.

OCCO
It's Datos.  We've got the go ahead.

Everyone cheers and starts hugging and slapping each other on the back.
Finally, they settle down.

QUIST
Go to your organizations.  (to Occo)  What's the code time?

OCCO
Zero three thirty...

QUIST
May the force of others be with you.

The men solemnly shake hands and leave the room.

175.  GOVERNOR'S OFFICE - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Starkiller stands on a small platform before Governor Hoedaack and the High
Consul.  His hands are held behind his back by electric bonds.

GOVERNOR
.... And I'm sure the emperor will enjoy your execution.  I only regret I
won't be there myself.  This should end the Jedi myth once and for all.  Take
him to Alderaan.

Valorum steps forward with a squad of stormtroopers and escorts the prisoner
away.  Vader and the governor seem very pleased with themselves.  Valorum
looks back in disgust.

176.  CONTROL CENTER - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

In the large central control room, two officers sit above a row of monitors
and giant read-outs.

FIRST OFFICER
Look!  That whole sector just went dead.  We're losing contact with the
surface.  Use the IF link and find out what's going on.

177.  DOCKING AREA - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Valorum halts the squad guarding Starkiller on an observation deck overlooking
a starship docking port.  Valorum reports to the officer in charge.

VALORUM
Where is the ship?

OFFICER
It's on its way in.  It will just be a few minutes.

Valorum returns to his squad and watches the large starship slowly move into
the docking area.  He glances at Starkiller, who stands defiant, ready to meet
his fate.

Valorum continues to study Starkiller.  The young Jedi returns his gaze.
Slowly, the spacecraft locks onto the docking port with a loud jolt.  The
troops snap to attention, but Valorum grabs two laserswords and in one swift
move, switches off Starkiller's bonds and tosses him one of the laserswords.
Starkiller assumes a defensive stance, as the troops realize what has happened
and draw their swords.

VALORUM
This way!

The two warriors fight their way through a side exit.  The door slides closed
behind them, and Valorum throws the lock, trapping the troops on the
observation platform.  They race down the hallway and stop at an intersection.

VALORUM
This way!  We can get a starship and be out of here before they've
discovered...

STARKILLER
I'm not leaving without the princess.

VALORUM
It's impossible; there are traps everywhere... You're mad!

Starkiller just grins and runs down the passageway leading to the detention
area.  Valorum rushes and catches up.  An alarm signal wails through the
hallways.

178.  WOOKEE STARSHIPS - SPACE

The general leads three squads, of three starships each toward the glowing
planet of Aquilae.

GENERAL
There she is.  Activate your deflection shields.

179.  DETENTION AREA - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Valorum talks with the Captain of the Guard.  He gestures wildly, like
something important had happened.  Four troops run into the central detention
area leading the bound Princess Leia.  The Captain of the Guard salutes
Valorum, and the Sith knight, followed by the four troops and Leia, leave the
main area.

180.  DETENTION HALLWAY - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Starkiller appears boldly at the end of the hallway, facing Valorum and the
troops.

VALORUM
Get him!

The troops rush for Starkiller, swords drawn.  They are no match for the
skilled Jedi.  He makes short work of them, as Valorum frees the princess.
The trio then run into another hallway.  The princess embraces Starkiller.

VALORUM
We only have a few seconds before they find us.  All of these hallways are
sealable...

Starkiller spots a small garbage chute on the corridor wall.  He goes and
looks into it.

STARKILLER
Is this pressurized?

Valorum nods yes, and they lift the princess into the chute and quickly
follow.

181.  GARBAGE CHUTE - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The trio slides through a series of chutes, until they end up in a large room
full of garbage.  Starkiller spots a doorway and struggles to get it open.

VALORUM
They're power sealed...We'll have to find another way, or some way to shut the
power off...

They search the smooth-walled room for another exit.

182.  GOVERNOR'S QUARTERS - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Governor Hoedaack watches General Vader as he supervises the hunt for
Starkiller and Valorum.  They watch troops move through the detention area via
TV monitors.  Seekers buzz through the hallways.  The general gets a report
from an officer on another monitor.

OFFICER
We've lost contact with the surface.  There is a good probability of an
uprising.  Even the IF links are out.

GENERAL
Use a substandard relay and put all units on alert.

The officer disappears from the monitor and is replaced with the Captain of
the Guard.

CAPTAIN
All sections D through P-12 are clear.  We have reason to suspect they escaped
through the disposal system.  We are checking....(he is interrupted by an
excited trooper who tells him something)....We've found them in Receptacle B-
29.  You should....

A red light flashes on one of the other monitors.

GENERAL
Hold on...

A controller appears on the second monitor.

CONTROLLER
Starships approaching, three squads.  Imperial design, but no clearance...

GENERAL
Full alert.  Battle stations....

The general turns back to the Captain of the Guards.

CAPTAIN
You should have them on your screen.

Alarms sound throughout the fortress.  Lights flash a warning.

182.  [obviously an oversight - second 182] GARBAGE RECEPTACLE - SPACE
FORTRESS - AQUILAE

A floodlight switches on, revealing Valorum and Starkiller attempting to cut
open the door.  The princess stands up and stares into the floodlight.
Vader's voice comes over an intercom.

VADER
I'm afraid I have no more time to deal with you.  A senseless and futile
attack by your friends has forced me to take a rather unpleasant course of
action.  Your execution will have to be expedited.

The intercom clicks off, and a loud rumbling begins to shake the room.  With a
loud shriek, the princess points to the far wall; which starts to move toward
the trio.  The situation looks desperate.

183.  SPACE - WOOKEE STARSHIPS - AQUILAE

Laserfire from the space fortress creates a wall of death, which the three
squadrons of Wookee starships miraculously emerge through undamaged.  The
general barks orders to the Wookee craft, and Chewbacca and his squadron break
off and start an attack dive.  Laser fire from Chewbacca's brightly colored
ship hits one of the prime power terminals on the fortress surface.  It
explodes, creating weird electric arcs, as it goes.

Han and the general also concentrate fire on the distinctive black power
terminals.  Two more are destroyed in an arcing spectacle.  A chain reaction
is set off, creating a series of explosions leaping across the surface of the
fortress from power terminal to power terminal.

184.  GARBAGE RECEPTACLE - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The shock of the explosion can be felt over the rumbling of the trash masher.
The wall has moved within a few yards of squashing Valorum, Starkiller and the
princess.  They are still frantically trying to somehow stop the relentless
wall, to no avail.  The lights blink off, then on again, and the moving wall
rumbles to a halt.  Leia breathes a sigh of relief.

STARKILLER
They must have knocked the power out.

Valorum runs over to the door, and kicks it open.  They rush out of the would-
be death trap.

185.  SPACE - WOOKEE STARSHIPS - AQUILAE

One of the Wookee starships is caught in a crossfire and disappears in a cloud
of smoke.  Another ship for some unknown reason dives headlong into the
surface of the fortress, creating a huge explosion.

186.  MAIN HALLWAY - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Starkiller, Valorum, and the princess are thrown to a hallway floor by the
explosion.  They get up and start down the hallway again.  A voice calls out
from a connecting corridor.

ARTWO
Hey!  Over here.

The trio turns and see little Artwo standing at the other end of the corridor.

He waves his claw arm at them, and wobbles toward them.

ARTWO
The power core has exceeded the normal stress quotient by point eight.  The
magnetic fusion pods have evaporated.  There appears to be an immediate
danger.

VALORUM
There is a lifepod station at the other end of this sector... Hurry.

The group, followed by Artwo, make a dash for the lifepod, but are knocked to
the ground by another explosion, which rocks the hallway.  A hole is ripped in
one wall, sucking debris into space.  Everyone holds on to wall fixtures for
dear life.

187.  GOVERNOR'S QUARTERS - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

Aides and officers rush through the office, as Vader tries to keep things
under control.  Governor Hoedaack remains calm, watching the progress of the
battle.  Vader turns to the governor.

VADER
They've pinpointed every terminal.  It's impossible.  What are they?  Where
did they come from?  An electromagnetic transfer has started....There's no
stopping it...

GOVERNOR
Continue the fight...

VADER
We've already lost control of the planet.  We must abandon ship while there is
still time...Conditions are much worse than...

GOVERNOR
Continue the fight...This fortress is invincible.  I will not give up.

A giant explosion sweeps through the office.

188.  SPACE - WOOKEE STARSHIPS

The tiny starships race the chain reaction explosions across the surface of
the fortress.  Laserfire is everywhere.  one of the starships skimming across
the surface, lags behind and is caught in an explosion and disappears.

GENERAL
Han!  Get everyone out of there.  The whole thing's going to go....Return to
Gordon... Get them out.

Han relays the order to the Wookees, and then starships pull away from the
crippled fortress.

189.  MAIN HALLWAY - SPACE FORTRESS - AQUILAE

The group has made its way past the hole in the wall and is climbing into the
lifepods.  Starkiller helps the princess into one, while Valorum and Artwo get
into the other.  Warning sirens scream throughout the hallways.  Three troops
run toward the lifepods, firing laserpistols.  Valorum returns the fire,
stopping the oncoming troops.  Hatches are closed, and the lifepods eject into
space.

190.  LIFEPODS - SPACE - YAVIN ORBIT

The two lifepods drift toward the calm of the planet's surface.  Starkiller
and the princess embrace, and he kisses her tenderly.  They watch the ominous
fortress grow smaller and smaller as they drift away.  Suddenly, a great flash
replaces the fortress and rubble streaks past the lifepods.  Several giant
explosions follow, then there is only a smoke cloud where the mighty fortress
once orbited Aquilae.

191.  THRONE ROOM - PALACE OF LITE - AQUILAE

Queen Leia, in all her grandeur, sits on the magnificent throne of Aquilae.
Starkiller and the general stand to her right.  Several old advisors stand to
her left.  Han presents Chewbacca and a delegation of Wookees with a treaty,
gifts, and a medal of honor.  They bow and exit.  Han moves to one side of the
crowded court.  Valorum stands next to him.  They watch as the two robots,
Artwo and Threepio, approach the queen, and bow.

QUEEN
Your service to Aquilae is greatly appreciated.  You are designated class A-4,
and will serve Annikin Starkiller, the new Lord Protector of Aquilae.  Rise!

The robots rise and exit through the long entrance hall to the throne.  The
queen turns and smiles at Starkiller and the general.  The general and
Starkiller salute their new queen.

FADE OUT

END CREDITS

							STAR WARS

							Episode IV

							A NEW HOPE

							 From the

					 JOURNAL OF THE WHILLS

							 By

						 George Lucas

						Revised Fourth Draft

						  January 15, 1976

						LUCASFILM LTD.

					 ----------------------

A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far, away...

	A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main
	title. War drums echo through the heavens as a rollup 
	slowly crawls into infinity.

   It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a
hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic
Empire.

   During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the
Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, an armored space station
with enough power to destroy an entire planet.

   Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home
aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her
people and restore freedom to the galaxy...

	The awesome yellow planet of Tatooine emerges from a total
	eclipse, her two moons glowing against the darkness. A tiny
	silver spacecraft, a Rebel Blockade Runner firing lasers from
	the back of the ship, races through space. It is pursed by a
	giant Imperial Stardestroyer. Hundreds of deadly laserbolts
	streak from the Imperial Stardestroyer, causing the main solar
	fin of the Rebel craft to disintegrate.

INTERIOR: REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER -- MAIN PASSAGEWAY.

	An explosion rocks the ship as two robots, Artoo-Detoo (R2-D2)
	and See-Threepio (C-3PO) struggle to make their way through the
	shaking, bouncing passageway. Both robots are old and battered. 

	Artoo is a short, claw-armed tripod. His face is a mass of
	computer lights surrounding a radar eye. Threepio, on the
	other hand, is a tall, slender robot of human proportions. He
	has a gleaming bronze-like metallic surface of an Art Deco
	design. 

		 Another blast shakes them as they struggle along their
	way.

THREEPIO: Did you hear that? They've shut down the main reactor. We'll
be destroyed for sure. This is madness!

		 Rebel troopers rush past the robots and take up positions
	in the main passageway. They aim their weapons toward the door.

THREEPIO: We're doomed!

		 The little R2 unit makes a series of electronic sounds that
	only another robot could understand.

THREEPIO: There'll be no escape for the Princess this time.

		 Artoo continues making beeping sounds. Tension mounts as
	loud metallic latches clank and the scream of heavy equipment
	are heard moving around the outside hull of the ship.

THREEPIO: What's that?

EXTERIOR: SPACECRAFT IN SPACE.

	The Imperial craft has easily overtaken the Rebel Blockade
	Runner. The smaller Rebel ship is being drawn into the
	underside dock of the giant Imperial starship.

INTERIOR: REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER.

	The nervous Rebel troopers aim their weapons. Suddenly a
	tremendous blast opens up a hole in the main passageway and a
	score of fearsome armored spacesuited stormtroopers make their
	way into the smoke-filled corridor.

		 In a few minutes the entire passageway is ablaze with
	laserfire. The deadly bolts ricochet in wild random patterns
	creating huge explosions. Stormtroopers scatter and duck
	behind storage lockers. Laserbolts hit several Rebel soldiers
	who scream and stagger through the smoke, holding shattered
	arms and faces.

		 An explosion hits near the robots.

THREEPIO: I should have known better than to trust the logic of a

half-sized thermocapsulary dehousing assister...

		 Artoo counters with an angry rebuttal as the battle rages
	around the two hapless robots.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- DESERT WASTELAND -- DAY.

	A death-white wasteland stretches from horizon to horizon. The
	tremendous heat of two huge twin suns settle on a lone figure,
	Luke Skywalker, a farm boy with heroic aspirations who looks
	much younger than his eighteen years. His shaggy hair and
	baggy tunic give him the air of a simple but lovable lad with
	a prize-winning smile.

		 A light wind whips at him as he adjusts several valves on a
	large battered moisture vaporator which sticks out of the
	desert floor much like an oil pipe with valves. He is aided by
	a beatup tread-robot with six claw arms. The little robot
	appears to be barely functioning and moves with jerky motions.
	A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Luke's eye and he
	instinctively grabs a pair of electrobinoculars from his utility
	belt. He stands transfixed for a few moments studying the
	heavens, then dashed toward his dented, crudely repaired
	Landspeeder (an auto-like transport that travels a few feet
	above the ground on a magnetic-field). He motions for the tiny
	robot to follow him.

LUKE: Hurry up! Come with me! What are you waiting for?! Get in gear!

		 The robot scoots around in a tight circle, stops short, and
	smoke begins to pour out of every joint. Luke throws his arms
	up in disgust. Exasperated, the young farm boy jumps into his
	Landspeeder leaving the smoldering robot to hum madly.

INTERIOR: REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER -- MAIN HALLWAY.

	The awesome, seven-foot-tall Dark Lord of the Sith makes his

	way into the blinding light of the main passageway. This is

	Darth Vader, right hand of the Emperor. His face is obscured

	by his flowing black robes and grotesque breath mask, which

	stands out next to the fascist white armored suits of the

	Imperial stormtroopers. Everyone instinctively backs away from

	the imposing warrior and a deathly quiet sweeps through the

	Rebel troops. Several of the Rebel troops break and run in a

	frenzied panic.

INTERIOR: REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER.

	A woman's hand puts a card into an opening in Artoo's dome.

	Artoo makes beeping sounds.

INTERIOR: REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER.

	Threepio stands in a hallway, somewhat bewildered. Artoo is

	nowhere in sight. The pitiful screams of the doomed Rebel

	soldiers can be heard in the distance.

THREEPIO: Artoo! Artoo-Detoo, where are you?

		 A familiar clanking sound attacks Threepio's attention and

	he spots little Artoo at the end of the hallway in a

	smoke-filled alcove. A beautiful young girl (about sixteen

	years old) stands in front of Artoo. Surreal and out of place,

	dreamlike and half hidden in the smoke, she finishes adjusting

	something on Artoo's computer face, then watches as the little

	robot joins his companion.

THREEPIO: At last! Where have you been?

	Stormtroopers can be heard battling in the distance.

THREEPIO: They're heading in this direction. What are we going to do?

We'll be sent to the spice mine of Kessel or smashed into who knows

what!

		 Artoo scoots past his bronze friend and races down the

	subhallway. Threepio chases after him.

THREEPIO: Wait a minute, where are you going?

		 Artoo responds with electronic beeps.

INTERIOR: REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER -- CORRIDOR

	The evil Darth Vader stands amid the broken and twisted bodies

	of his foes. He grabs a wounded Rebel Officer by the neck as

	an Imperial Officer rushes up to the Dark Lord.

IMPERIAL OFFICER: The Death Star plans are not in the main computer.

		 Vader squeezes the neck of the Rebel Officer, who struggles

	in vain.

VADER: Where are those transmissions you intercepted?

		 Vader lifts the Rebel off his feet by his throat.

VADER: What have you done with those plans?

REBEL OFFICER: We intercepted no transmissions. Aaah....This is a

consular ship. Were on a diplomatic mission.

VADER: If this is a consular ship...were is the Ambassador?

		 The Rebel refuses to speak but eventually cries out as the

	Dark Lord begins to squeeze the officer's throat, creating a

	gruesome snapping and choking, until the soldier goes limp.

	Vader tosses the dead soldier against the wall and turns to

	his troops.

VADER: Commander, tear this ship apart until you've found those plans

and bring me the Ambassador. I want her alive!

		 The stormtroopers scurry into the subhallways.

INTERIOR: REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER -- SUBHALLWAY.

	The lovely young girl huddles in a small alcove as the

	stormtroopers search through the ship. She is Princess Leia

	Organa, a member of the Alderaan Senate. The fear in her eyes

	slowly gives way to anger as the muted crushing sounds of the

	approaching stormtroopers grow louder. One of the troopers

	spots her.

TROOPER: There she is! Set for stun!

		 Leia steps from her hiding place and blasts a trooper with

	her laser pistol. She starts to run but is felled by a

	paralyzing ray. The troopers inspect her inert body.

TROOPER: She'll be all right. Inform Lord Vader we have a prisoner.

INTERIOR: REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER -- SUBHALLWAY.

	Artoo stops before the small hatch of an emergency lifepod. He

	snaps the seal on the main latch and a red warning light

	begins to flash. The stubby astro-robot works his way into the

	cramped four-man pod.

THREEPIO: Hey, you're not permitted in there. It's restricted. You'll

be deactivated for sure..

		 Artoo beeps something to him.

THREEPIO: Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of

grease! Now come out before somebody sees you.

		 Artoo whistles something at his reluctant friend regarding

	the mission he is about to perform.

THREEPIO: Secret mission? What plans? What are you talking about? I'm

not getting in there!

		 Artoo isn't happy with Threepio's stubbornness, and he beeps

	and twangs angrily.

	A new explosion, this time very close, sends dust and debris

	through the narrow subhallway. Flames lick at Threepio and,

	after a flurry of electronic swearing from Artoo, the lanky

	robot jumps into the lifepod.

THREEPIO: I'm going to regret this.

INTERIOR: IMPERIAL STARDESTROYER.

	On the main viewscreen, the lifepod carrying the two terrified

	robots speeds away from the stricken Rebel spacecraft.

CHIEF PILOT: There goes another one.

CAPTAIN: Hold your fire. There are no life forms. It must have been

short-circuited.

INTERIOR: LIFEPOD.

	Artoo and Threepio look out at the receding Imperial starship.

	Stars circle as the pod rotates through the galaxy.

THREEPIO: That's funny, the damage doesn't look as bad from out here.

	Artoo beeps an assuring response.

THREEPIO: Are you sure this things safe?

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT -- POWER STATION -- DAY.

	Heat waves radiate from the dozen or so bleached white

	buildings. Luke pilots his Landspeeder through the dusty empty

	street of the tiny settlement. An old woman runs to get out of

	the way of the speeding vehicle, shaking her fist at Luke as

	he flies past.

WOMAN: I've told you kids to slow down!

INTERIOR: POWER STATION -- DAY.

	Luke bursts into the power station, waking The Fixer, a rugged

	mechanic and Camie, a sexy, disheveled girl who has been

	asleep in his lap. They grumbled as he races through the

	office, yelling wildly.

FIXER: Did I hear a young noise blast through here?

CAMIE: It was just wormie on another rampage.

		 Luke bounces into a small room behind the office where Deak

	and Windy, two tough boys about the same age as Luke, are

	playing a computer pool-like game with Biggs, a burly,

	handsome boy a few years older than the rest. His flashy city

	attire is a sharp contrast to the loose-fitting tunics of the

	farm boys. A robot repairs some equipment in the background.

LUKE: Shape it up you guys!.... Biggs?

		 Luke's surprise at the appearance of Biggs gives way to

	great joy and emotion. They give each other a great bear hug.

LUKE: I didn't know you were back! When did you get in?

BIGGS: Just now. I wanted to surprise you, hot shot. I thought you'd be

here...certainly didn't expect you to be out working. (he laughs.)

LUKE: The Academy didn't change you much...but you're back so soon?

Hey, what happened, didn't you get your commission?

		 Biggs has an air of cool that seems slightly phony.

BIGGS: Of course I got it. Signed aboard The Rand Ecliptic last week.

First mate Biggs Darklighter at your service...(he salutes)...I just

came to say good-bye to all you unfortunate landlocked simpletons.

		 Everyone laughs. The dazzling spectacle of his dashing

	friend is almost too much for Luke, but suddenly he snaps out

	of it.

LUKE: I almost forgot. There's a battle going on! Right here in our

system. Come and look!

DEAK: Not again! Forget it.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ANCHORHEAD -- SETTLEMENT -- POWER STATION -- DAY.

	The group stumbles out into the stifling desert sun. Camie and

	The Fixer complain and are forced to shade their eyes. Luke

	has his binoculars out scanning the heavens.

LUKE: There they are!

		 Biggs takes the binoculars from Luke as the others strain

	to see something with the naked eye. Through the binoculars

	Biggs sees two small silver specks.

BIGGS: That's no battle, hot shot...they're just sitting there!

Probably a freighter-tanker refueling.

LUKE: But there was a lot of firing earlier...

		 Camie grabs the binoculars away banging them against the

	building in the process. Luke grabs them.

LUKE: Hey, easy with those...

CAMIE: Don't worry about it, Wormie.

		 The Fixer gives Luke a hard look and the young farm boy

	shrugs his shoulders in resignation.

FIXER: I keep telling you, the Rebellion is a long way from here. I

doubt if the Empire would even fight to keep this system. Believe me

Luke, this planet is a big hunk of nothing...

		 Luke agrees, although it's obvious he isn't sure why. The

	group stumbles back into the power station, grumbling about

	Luke's ineptitude.

INTERIOR: REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER -- HALLWAY

	Princess Leia is led down a low-ceilinged hallway by a squad

	of armored stormtroopers. Her hands are bound and she is

	brutally shoved when she is unable to keep up with the briskly

	marching troops. They stop in a smoky hallway as Darth Vader

	emerges from the shadows. The sinister Dark Lord stares hard

	at the frail young senator, but she doesn't move.

LEIA: Lord Vader, I should have known. Only you could be so bold. The

Imperial Senate will not sit for this, when they hear you've attacked

a diplomatic...

VADER: Don't play games with me, Your Highness. You weren't on any

mercy mission this time. You passed directly through a restricted

system. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies.

I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.

LEIA: I don't know what you're talking about. I'm a member of the

Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan...

VADER: You're a part of the Rebel Alliance...and a traitor. Take her

away!

		 Leia is marched away down the hallway and into the

	smoldering hole blasted in the side of the ship. An Imperial

	Commander turns to Vader.

COMMANDER: Holding her is dangerous. If word of this gets out, it

could generate sympathy for the Rebellion in the senate.

VADER: I have traced the Rebel spies to her. Now she is my only link

to find their secret base!

COMMANDER: She'll die before she tells you anything.

VADER: Leave that to me. Send a distress signal and then inform the

senate that all aboard were killed!

		 Another Imperial Officer approaches Vader and the

	Commander. They stop and snap to attention.

SECOND OFFICER: Lord Vader, the battle station plans are not aboard

this ship! And no transmissions were made. An escape pod was

jettisoned during the fighting, but no life forms were aboard.

		 Vader turns to the Commander.

VADER: She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a

detachment down to retrieve them. See to it personally, Commander.

There'll be no one to stop us this time.

COMMANDER: Yes, sir.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The Imperial Stardestroyer comes over the surface of the

	planet Tatooine.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- DESERT.

	Jundland, or "No Man's Land", where the rugged desert mesas

	meet the foreboding dune sea. The two helpless astro-droids

	kick up clouds of sand as they leave the lifepod and clumsily

	work their way across the desert wasteland. The lifepod in the

	distance rests half buried in the sand.

THREEPIO: How did I get into this mess? I really don't know how. We

seem to be made to suffer. It's our lot in life.

		 Artoo answers with beeping sounds.

THREEPIO: I've got to rest before I fall apart. My joints are almost

frozen. 

		 Artoo continues to respond with beeping sounds.

THREEPIO: What a desolate place this is.

		 Suddenly Artoo whistles, makes a sharp right turn and

	starts off in the direction of the rocky desert mesas. Threepio

	stops and yells at him.

THREEPIO: Where are you going?

		 A stream of electronic noises pours forth from the small

	robot.

THREEPIO: Well, I'm not going that way. It's much too rocky. This way

is much easier.

		 Artoo counters with a long whistle.

THREEPIO: What makes you think there are settlements over there?

		 Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.

THREEPIO: Don't get technical with me.

		 Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.

THREEPIO: What mission? What are you talking about? I've had just

about enough of you! Go that way! You'll be malfunctioning within a

day, you nearsighted scrap pile!

		 Threepio gives the little robot a kick and starts off in

	the direction of the vast dune sea.

THREEPIO: And don't let me catch you following me begging for help,

because you won't get it.

		 Artoo's reply is a rather rude sound. He turns and trudges

	off in the direction of the towering mesas.


THREEPIO: No more adventures. I'm not going that way.

		 Artoo beeps to himself as he makes his way toward the

	distant mountains.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- DUNE SEA.

	Threepio, hot and tired, struggles up over the ridge of a dune;

	only to find more dunes, which seem to go on for endless

	miles.  He looks back in the direction of the now distant rock

	mesas. 

THREEPIO: That malfunctioning little twerp. This is all his fault! He

tricked me into going this way, but he'll do no better.

		 In a huff of anger and frustration, Threepio knocks the

	sand from his joints. His plight seems hopeless, when a glint

	of reflected light in the distance reveals an object moving

	towards him.

THREEPIO: Wait, what's that? A transport! I'm saved!

		 The bronze android waves frantically and yells at the

	approaching transport.

THREEPIO: Over here! Help! Please, help!

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT -- POWER STATION -- DAY.

	Luke and Biggs are walking and drinking a malt brew. Fixer and

	the others can be heard working inside.

LUKE: (Very animated)...so I cut off my power, shut down the

afterburners and came in low on Deak's trail. I was so close I thought

I was going to fry my instruments. As it was I busted up the Skyhopper

pretty bad. Uncle Owen was pretty upset. He grounded me for the rest

of the season. You should have been there...it was fantastic.

BIGGS: You ought to take it easy Luke. You may be the hottest

bushpilot this side of Mos Eisley, but those little Skyhoppers are

dangerous. Keep it up, and one day, whammo, you're going to be nothing

more than a dark spot on the down side of a canyon wall.

LUKE: Look who's talking. Now that you've been around those giant

starships you're beginning to sound like my uncle. You've gotten soft

in the city...

BIGGS: I've missed you kid.

LUKE: Well, things haven't been the same since you left, Biggs. It's

been so...quiet.

		 Biggs looks around then leans close to Luke.

BIGGS: Luke, I didn't come back just to say good-bye...I shouldn't

tell you this, but you're the only one I can trust...and if I don't

come back, I want somebody to know.

		 Luke's eyes are wide with Biggs' seriousness and loyalty.

LUKE: What are you talking about?

BIGGS: I made some friends at the Academy. (he whispers)...when our

frigate goes to one of the central systems, we're going to jump ship

and join the Alliance...

		 Luke, amazed and stunned, is almost speechless.

LUKE: Join the Rebellion?! Are you kidding! How?

BIGGS: Quiet down will ya! You got a mouth bigger than a meteor

crater!

LUKE: I'm sorry. I'm quiet. (he whispers) Listen how quiet I am. You

can barely hear me...

		 Biggs shakes his head angrily and then continues.

BIGGS: My friend has a friend on Bestine who might help us make

contact.

LUKE: Your crazy! You could wander around forever trying to find them.

BIGGS: I know it's a long shot, but if I don't find them I'll do what

I can on my own...It's what we always talked about. Luke, I'm not

going to wait for the Empire to draft me into service. The Rebellion

is spreading and I want to be on the right side -- the side I believe

in. 

LUKE: And I'm stuck here...

BIGGS: I thought you were going to the Academy next term. You'll get

your chance to get off this rock.

LUKE: Not likely! I had to cancel my application. There has been a lot

of unrest among the Sandpeople since you left...they've even raided

the outskirts of Anchorhead.

BIGGS: Your uncle could hold off a whole colony of Sandpeople with one

blaster.

LUKE: I know, but he's got enough vaporators going to make the place

pay off. He needs me for just one more season. I can't leave him now.

BIGGS: I feel for you, Luke, you're going to have to learn what seems

to be important or what really is important. What good is all your

uncle's work if it's taken over by the Empire?...You know they're

starting to nationalize commerce in the central systems...it won't be

long before your uncle is merely a tenant, slaving for the greater

glory of the Empire.

LUKE: It couldn't happen here. You said it yourself. The Empire won't

bother with this rock.

BIGGS: Things always change.

LUKE: I wish I was going...Are you going to be around long? 

BIGGS: No, I'm leaving in the morning...

LUKE: Then I guess I won't see you.

BIGGS: Maybe someday...I'll keep a lookout.

LUKE: Well, I'll be at the Academy next season...after that who knows.

I won't be drafted into the Imperial Starfleet that's for sure...Take

care of yourself, you'll always be the best friend I've got.

BIGGS: So long, Luke.

		 Biggs turns away from his old friend and heads towards the

	power station.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ROCK CANYON -- SUNSET.

	The gargantuan rock formations are shrouded in a strange

	foreboding mist and the onimous sounds of unearthly creatures

	fill the air. Artoo moves cautiously through the creepy rock

	canyon, inadvertently making a loud clicking noise as he goes.

	He hears a distant, hard, metallic sound and stops for a

	moment. Convinced he is alone, he continues on his way.

		 In the distance, a pepple tumbles down the steep canyon

	wall and a small dark figure darts into the shadows. A little

	further up the canyon a slight flicker of light reveals a pair

	of eyes in the dark recesses only a few feet from the narrow

	path.

		 The unsuspecting robot waddles along the rugged trail until

	suddenly, out of nowhere, a powerful magnetic ray shoots out

	of the rocks and engulfs him in an eerie glow. He manages one

	short electronic squeak before he topples over onto his back.

	His bright computer lights flicker off, then on, then off

	again. Out of the rocks scurry three Jawas, no taller than

	Artoo. They holster strange and complex weapons as they

	cautiously approach the robot. They wear grubby cloaks and

	their faces are shrouded so only their glowing eyes can be

	seen. They hiss and make odd guttural sounds as they heave the

	heavy robot onto their shoulders and carry him off down the

	trail. 

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ROCK CANYON -- SANDCRAWLER -- SUNSET.

	The eight Jawas carry Artoo out of the canyon to a huge

	tank-like vehicle the size of a four-story house. They weld a

	small disk on the side of Artoo and then put him under a large

	tube on the side of the vehicle and the little robot is sucked

	into the giant machine.

		 The filthy little Jawas scurry like rats up small ladders

	and enter the main cabin of the behemoth transport.

INTERIOR: SANDCRAWLER -- HOLD AREA.

	It is dim inside the hold area of the Sandcrawler. Artoo

	switches on a small floodlight on his forehead and stumbles

	around the scrap heap. The narrow beam swings across rusty

	metal rocket parts and an array of grotesquely twisted and

	maimed astro-robots. He lets out a pathetic electronic whimper

	and stumbles off toward what appears to be a door at the end

	of the chamber.

INTERIOR: SANDCRAWLER -- PRISON AREA.

	Artoo enters a wide room with a four-foot ceiling. In the

	middle of the scrap heap sit a dozen or so robots of various

	shapes and sizes. Some are engaged in electronic conversation,

	while others simply mill about. A voice of recognition calls

	out from the gloom.

THREEPIO: Artoo-Detoo! It's you! It's you!

		 A battered Threepio scrambles up to Artoo and embraces him.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ROCK CANYON -- SANDCRAWLER -- SUNSET.

	The enormous Sandcrawler lumbers off toward the magnificent

	twin suns, which are slowly setting over a distant mountain

	ridge.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- DESERT -- DAY.

	Four Imperial stormtroopers mill about in front of the half-

	buried lifepod that brought Artoo and Threepio to Tatooine. A

	trooper yells to an officer some distance away.

FIRST TROOPER: Someone was in the pod. The tracks go off in this

direction. 

		 A second trooper picks a small bit of metal out of the sand

	and gives it to the first trooper.

SECOND TROOPER: Look, sir -- droids.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- DUNES.

	The Sandcrawler moves slowly down a great sand dune.

INTERIOR: SANDCRAWLER.

	Threepio and Artoo noisily bounce along inside the cramped

	prison chamber. Artoo appears to be shut off.

THREEPIO: Wake up! Wake up!

		 Suddenly the shaking and bouncing of the Sandcrawler stops,

	creating quite a commotion among the mechanical men.

	Threepio's fist bangs the head of Artoo whose computer lights

	pop on as he begins beeping. At the far end of the long

	chamber a hatch opens, filling the chamber with blinding white

	light. a dozen or so Jawas make their way through the odd

	assortment of robots.

THREEPIO: We're doomed.

		 A Jawa starts moving toward them.

THREEPIO: Do you think they'll melt us down?

		 Artoo responds, making beeping sounds.

THREEPIO: Don't shoot! Don't shoot! Will this never end?

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- DESERT -- LARS HOMESTEAD -- AFTERNOON.

	The Jawas mutter gibberish as they busily line up their

	battered captives, including Artoo and Threepio, in front of

	the enormous Sandcrawler, which is parked beside a small

	homestead consisting of three large holes in the ground

	surrounded by several tall moisture vaporators and one small

	adobe block house.

		 The Jawas scurry around fussing over the robots,

	straightening them up or brushing some dust from a dented

	metallic elbow. The shrouded little creatures smell horribly,

	attracting small insects to the dark areas when their mouths

	and nostrils should be.

		 Out of the shadows of a dingy side-building limps Owen

	Lars, a large burly man in his mid-fifties. His reddish eyes

	are sunken in a dust-covered face. As the farmer carefully

	inspects each robot, he is closely followed by his slump-

	shouldered nephew, Luke Skywalker. One of the vile little

	Jawas walks ahead of the farmer spouting an animated sales

	pitch in a queer, unintelligible language.

		 A voice calls out from one of the huge holes that form the

	homestead. Luke goes over to the edge and sees his Aunt Beru

	standing in the main courtyard.

BERU: Luke, tell Owen that if he gets a translator to be sure it

speaks Bocce.

LUKE: It looks like we don't have much of a choice but I'll remind

him.

		 Luke returns to his uncle as they look over the equipment

	for sale with the Jawa leader.

OWEN: I have no need for a protocol droid.

THREEPIO: (quickly) Sir -- not in an environment such as this --

that's why I've also been programmed for over thirty secondary

functions that...

OWEN: What I really need is a droid that understands the binary

language of moisture vaporators.

THREEPIO: Vaporators! Sir -- My first job was programming binary load

lifter...very similar to your vaporators. You could say...

OWEN: Do you speak Bocce?

THREEPIO: Of course I can, sir. It's like a second language for

me...I'm as fluent in Bocce...

OWEN: All right shut up! (turning to Jawa) I'll take this one.

THREEPIO: Shutting up, sir.

OWEN: Luke, take these two over to the garage, will you? I want you to

have both of them cleaned up before dinner.

LUKE: But I was going into Toshi Station to pick up some power

converters...

OWEN: You can waste time with your friends when your chores are done.

Now come on, get to it!

LUKE: All right, come on! And the red one, come on. Well, come on,

Red, let's go.

		 As the Jawas start to lead the three remaining robots

	back into the Sandcrawler, Artoo lets out a pathetic little

	beep and starts after his old friend Threepio. He is

	restrained by a slimy Jawa, who zaps him with a control box.

		 Owen is negotiating with the head Jawa. Luke and the two

	robots start off for the garage when a plate pops off the head

	of the red astro-droid's head plate and it sparks wildly.

LUKE: Uncle Owen...

OWEN: Yeah?

LUKE: This R2 unit has a bad motivator. Look!

OWEN: (to the head Jawa) Hey, what're you trying to push on us?

		 The Jawa goes into a loud spiel. Meanwhile, Artoo has

	sneaked out of line and is moving up and down trying to

	attract attention. He lets out with a low whistle. Threepio

	taps Luke on the shoulder.

THREEPIO: (pointing to Artoo) Excuse me, sir, but that R2 unit is in

prime condition. A real bargain.

LUKE: Uncle Owen...

OWEN: Yeah?

LUKE: What about that one?

OWEN: (to Jawa) What about that blue one? We'll take that one.

		 With a little reluctance the scruffy dwarf trades the

	damaged astro-droid for Artoo.

LUKE: Yeah, take it away.

THREEPIO: Uh, I'm quite sure you'll be very pleased with that one,

sir. He really is in first-class condition. I've worked with him

before. Here he comes.

		 Owen pays off the whining Jawa as Luke and the two robots

	trudge off toward a grimy homestead entry.

LUKE: Okay, let's go.

THREEPIO: (to Artoo) Now, don't you forget this! Why I should stick my

neck out for you is quite beyond my capacity!

INTERIOR: LARS HOMESTEAD -- GARAGE AREA -- LATE AFTERNOON.

	The garage is cluttered and worn, but a friendly peaceful

	atmosphere permeates the low grey chamber. Threepio lowers

	himself into a large tub filled with warm oil. Near the

	battered Landspeeder little Artoo rests on a large battery

	with a cord to his face.

THREEPIO: Thank the maker! This oil bath is going to feel so good.

I've got such a bad case of dust contamination, I can barely move!

		 Artoo beeps a muffled reply. Luke seems to be lost in

	thought as he runs his hand over the damaged fin of a small

	two-man Skyhopper spaceship resting in a low hangar off the

	garage. Finally Luke's frustrations get the better of him and

	he slams a wrench across the workbench.

LUKE: It just isn't fair. Oh, Biggs is right. I'm never gonna get out

of here!

THREEPIO: Is there anything I might do to help? 

		 Luke glances at the battered robot. A bit of his anger

	drains and a tiny smile creeps across his face.

LUKE: Well, not unless you can alter time, speed up the harvest, or

teleport me off this rock!

THREEPIO: I don't think so, sir. I'm only a droid and not very

knowledgeable about such things. Not on this planet, anyways. As a

matter of fact, I'm not even sure which planet I'm on.

LUKE: Well, if there's a bright center to the universe, you're on the

planet that it's farthest from.

THREEPIO: I see, sir.

LUKE: Uh, you can call me Luke.

THREEPIO: I see, sir Luke.

LUKE: (laughing) Just Luke.

THREEPIO: And I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg relations, and this is

my counterpart, Artoo-Detoo.

LUKE: Hello.

		 Artoo beeps in response. Luke unplugs Artoo and begins to

	scrape several connectors on the robot's head with a chrome


	pick. Threepio climbs out of the oil tub and begins wiping oil

	from his bronze body.

LUKE: You got a lot of carbon scoring here. It looks like you boys

have seen a lot of action.

THREEPIO: With all we've been through, sometimes I'm amazed we're in

as good condition as we are, what with the Rebellion and all.

LUKE: You know of the Rebellion against the Empire?

THREEPIO: That's how we came to be in your service, if you take my

meaning, sir.

LUKE: Have you been in many battles?

THREEPIO: Several, I think. Actually, there's not much to tell. I'm

not much more than an interpreter, and not very good at telling

stories. Well, not at making them interesting, anyways.

		 Luke struggles to remove a small metal fragment from Artoo's

	neck joint. He uses a larger pick.

LUKE: Well, my little friend, you've got something jammed in here real

good. Were you on a cruiser or...

		 The fragment breaks loose with a snap, sending Luke

	tumbling head over heels. He sits up and sees a twelve-inch

	three-dimensional hologram of Leia Organa, the Rebel senator,

	being projected from the face of little Artoo. The image is a

	rainbow of colors as it flickers and jiggles in the dimly lit

	garage. Luke's mouth hangs open in awe.

LEIA: Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.

LUKE: What's this?

		 Artoo looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer for

	Threepio to translate. Leia continues to repeat the sentence

	fragment over and over.

THREEPIO: What is what?!? He asked you a question...(pointing to Leia)

What is that?

		 Artoo whistles his surprise as he pretends to just notice

	the hologram. He looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer

	for Threepio to translate. Leia continues to repeat the

	sentence fragment over and over.

LEIA: Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope. Help me, Obi-Wan

Kenobi. You're my only hope.

THREEPIO: Oh, he says it's nothing, sir. Merely a malfunction. Old


data. Pay it no mind.

		 Luke becomes intrigued by the beautiful girl.

LUKE: Who is she? She's beautiful.

THREEPIO: I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir.

LEIA: Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi...

THREEPIO: I think she was a passenger on our last voyage. A person of

some importance, sir -- I believe. Our captain was attached to...

LUKE: Is there more to this recording?

		 Luke reaches out for Artoo but he lets out several frantic

	squeaks and a whistle.

THREEPIO: Behave yourself, Artoo. You're going to get us in trouble.

It's all right, you can trust him. He's our new master.

		 Artoo whistles and beeps a long message to Threepio.

THREEPIO: He says he's the property of Obi-Wan Kenobi, a resident of

these parts. And it's a private message for him. Quite frankly, sir I

don't know what he's talking about. Our last master was Captain

Antilles, but with what we've been through, this little R2 unit has

become a bit eccentric.

LUKE: Obi-Wan Kenobi? I wonder if he means old Ben Kenobi?

THREEPIO: I beg your pardon, sir, but do you know what he's talking

about?

LUKE: Well, I don't know anyone named Obi-Wan, but old Ben lives out

beyond the dune sea. He's kind of a strange old hermit.

		 Luke's gazes at the beautiful young princess for a few

	moments. 

LUKE: I wonder who she is. It sounds like she's in trouble. I'd better

play back the whole thing.

		 Artoo beeps something to Threepio.

THREEPIO: He says the restraining bolt has short circuited his

recording system. He suggests that if you remove the bolt, he might be

able to play back the entire recording.

		 Luke looks longingly at the lovely, little princess and

	hasn't really heard what Threepio has been saying.

LUKE: H'm? Oh, yeah, well, I guess you're too small to run away on me

if I take this off! Okay.

		 Luke takes a wedged bar and pops the restraining bolt off

	Artoo's side.

LUKE: There you go.

		 The princess immediately disappears...

LUKE: Well, wait a minute. Where'd she go? Bring her back! Play back

the entire message.

		 Artoo beeps an innocent reply as Threepio sits up in

	embarrassment.

THREEPIO: What message? The one you're carrying inside your rusty

innards! 

		 A women's voice calls out from another room.

AUNT BERU: Luke? Luke! Come to dinner!

		 Luke stands up and shakes his head at the malfunctioning

	robot.

LUKE: All right, I'll be right there, Aunt Beru.

THREEPIO: I'm sorry, sir, but he appears to have picked up a slight

flutter.

		 Luke tosses Artoo's restraining bolt on the workbench and

	hurries out of the room.

LUKE: Well, see what you can do with him. I'll be right back.

THREEPIO: (to Artoo) Just you reconsider playing that message for him.

		 Artoo beeps in response.

THREEPIO: No, I don't think he likes you at all.

		 Artoo beeps.

THREEPIO: No, I don't like you either.

INTERIOR: LARS HOMESTEAD -- DINING AREA.

	 Luke's Aunt Beru, a warm, motherly woman, fills a pitcher

	with blue fluid from a refrigerated container in the well-used

	kitchen. She puts the pitcher on a tray with some bowls of

	food and starts for the dining area.

		 Luke sits with his Uncle Owen before a table covered with

	steaming bowls of food as Aunt Beru carries in a bowl of red

	grain.

LUKE: You know, I think that R2 unit we bought might have been stolen.

OWEN: What makes you think that?

LUKE: Well, I stumbled across a recording while I was cleaning him. He

says he belongs to someone called Obi-Wan Kenobi.

		 Owen is greatly alarmed at the mention of his name, but

	manages to control himself.

LUKE: I thought he might have meant old Ben. Do you know what he's

talking about? Well, I wonder if he's related to Ben.

		 Owen breaks loose with a fit of uncontrolled anger.

OWEN: That old man's just a crazy old wizard. Tomorrow I want you to

take that R2 unit into Anchorhead and have its memory flushed. That'll

be the end of it. It belongs to us now.

LUKE: But what if this Obi-Wan comes looking for him?

OWEN: He won't, I don't think he exists any more. He died about the

same time as your father.

LUKE: He knew my father?

OWEN: I told you to forget it. Your only concern is to prepare the new

droids for tomorrow. In the morning I want them on the south ridge

working out those condensers.

LUKE: Yes, sir. I think those new droids are going to work out fine.

In fact, I, uh, was also thinking about our agreement about my staying

on another season. And if these new droids do work out, I want to

transmit my application to the Academy this year.

		 Owen's face becomes a scowl, although he tries to suppress

	it.

OWEN: You mean the next semester before harvest?

LUKE: Sure, there're more than enough droids.

OWEN: Harvest is when I need you the most. Only one more season. This

year we'll make enough on the harvest so I'll be able to hire some

more hands. And then you can go to the Academy next year.

		 Luke continues to toy with his food, not looking at his

	uncle.

OWEN: You must understand I need you here, Luke.

LUKE: But it's a whole 'nother year.

OWEN: Look, it's only one more season.

		 Luke pushes his half-eaten plate of food aside and stands.

LUKE: Yeah, that's what you said last year when Biggs and Tank left.

AUNT BERU: Where are you going?

LUKE: It looks like I'm going nowhere. I have to finish cleaning those

droids.

		 Resigned to his fate, Luke paddles out of the room. Owen

	mechanically finishes his dinner.

AUNT BERU: Owen, he can't stay here forever. Most of his friends have

gone. It means so much to him.

OWEN: I'll make it up to him next year. I promise.

AUNT BERU: Luke's just not a farmer, Owen. He has too much of his

father in him.

OWEN: That's what I'm afraid of.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- LARS HOMESTEAD.

	The giant twin suns of Tatooine slowly disappear behind a

	distant dune range. Luke stands watching them for a few

	moments, then reluctantly enters the doomed entrance to the

	homestead.

INTERIOR: LARS HOMESTEAD -- GARAGE.

		 Luke enters the garage to discover the robots nowhere in

	sight. He takes a small control box from his utility belt

	similar to the one the Jawas were carrying. He activates the

	box, which creates a low hum, and Threepio, letting out a

	short yell, pops up from behind the Skyhopper spaceship.

LUKE: What are you doing hiding there?

		 Threepio stumbles forward, but Artoo is still nowhere in

	sight. 

THREEPIO: It wasn't my fault, sir. Please don't deactivate me. I told

him not to go, but he's faulty, malfunctioning; kept babbling on about

his mission.

LUKE: Oh, no!

	Luke races out of the garage followed by Threepio.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- LARS HOMESTEAD.

	Luke rushes out of the small doomed entry to the homestead and

	searches the darkening horizon for the small triped astro-

	robot. Threepio struggles out of the homestead and on the salt

	flat as Luke scans the landscape with his electrobinoculars.

THREEPIO: That R2 unit has always been a problem. These astro-droids

are getting quite out of hand. Even I can't understand their logic at

times. 

LUKE: How could I be so stupid? He's nowhere in sight. Blast it!

THREEPIO: Pardon me, sir, but couldn't we go after him?

LUKE: It's too dangerous with all the Sandpeople around. We'll have to

wait until morning.

		 Owen yells up from the homestead plaza.

OWEN: Luke, I'm shutting the power down for the night.

LUKE: All right, I'll be there in a few minutes. Boy, am I gonna get it.

	He takes one final look across the dim horizon.

LUKE: You know that little droid is going to cause me a lot of

trouble.

THREEPIO: Oh, he excels at that, sir.

INTERIOR: LARS HOMESTEAD -- PLAZA.

	Morning slowly creeps into the sparse but sparkling oasis of

	the open courtyard. The idyll is broken be the yelling of

	Uncle Owen, his voice echoing throughout the homestead.

OWEN: Luke? Luke? Luke? Where could he be loafing now!

INTERIOR: LARS HOMESTEAD -- KITCHEN.

	The interior of the kitchen is a worm glow as Aunt Beru prepares

	the morning breakfast. Owen enters in a huff.

OWEN: Have you seen Luke this morning?

AUNT BERU: He said he had some things to do before he started today,

so he left early.

OWEN: Uh? Did he take those two new droids with him?

AUNT BERU: I think so.

OWEN: Well, he'd better have those units in the south range repaired

be midday or there'll be hell to pay!

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- DESERT WASTELAND -- LUKE'S SPEEDER -- DAY.

	The rock and sand of the desert floor are a blur as Threepio

	pilots the sleek Landspeeder gracefully across the vast

	wasteland. 

INTERIOR/EXTERIOR: LUKE'S SPEEDER -- DESERT WASTELAND -- TRAVELING -- DAY.

	Luke leans over the back of the speeder and adjusts something

	in the motor compartment.

LUKE: (yelling) How's that.

		 Threepio signals that is fine and Luke turns back into the

	wind-whipped cockpit and pops the canopy shut.

LUKE: Old Ben Kenobi lives out in this direction somewhere, but I

don't see how that R2 unit could have come this far. We must have

missed him. Uncle Owen isn't going to take this very well.

THREEPIO: Sir, would it help if you told him it was my fault.

LUKE: (brightening) Sure. He needs you. He'd probably only deactivate

you for a day or so...

THREEPIO: Deactivate! Well, on the other hand if you hadn't removed

his restraining bolt...

LUKE: Wait, there's something dead ahead on the scanner. It looks like

our droid...hit the accelerator.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ROCK MESA -- DUNE SEA -- COASTLINE -- DAY.

	From high on a rock mesa, the tiny Landspeeder can be seen

	gliding across the desert floor. Suddenly in the foreground

	two weather-beaten Sandpeople shrouded in their grimy desert

	cloaks peer over the edge of the rock mesa. One of the

	marginally human creatures raises a long ominous laser rifle

	and points it at the speeder but the second creature grabs the

	gun before it can be fired.

		 The Sandpeople, or Tusken Raiders as they're sometimes

	called, speak in a coarse barbaric language as they get into

	an animated argument. The second Tusken Raider seems to get in

	the final word and the nomads scurry over the rocky terrain.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ROCK MESA -- CANYON.

	The Tusken Raider approaches two large Banthas standing tied

	to a rock. The monstrous, bear-like creatures are as large as

	elephants, with huge red eyes, tremendous looped horns, and

	long, furry, dinosaur-like tails. The Tusken Raiders mount

	saddles strapped to the huge creatures' shaggy backs and ride

	off down the rugged bluff.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ROCK CANYON -- FLOOR.

	The speeder is parked on the floor of a massive canyon. Luke,

	with his long laser rifle slung over his shoulder, stands

	before little Artoo.

LUKE: Hey, whoa, just where do you think you're going?

		 The little droid whistles a feeble reply, as Threepio poses

	menacingly behind the little runaway.

THREEPIO: Master Luke here is your rightful owner. We'll have no more

of this Obi-Wan Kenobi jibberish...and don't talk to me about your

mission, either. You're fortunate he doesn't blast you into a million

pieces right here.

LUKE: Well, come on. It's getting late. I only hope we can get back

before Uncle Owen really blows up.

THREEPIO: If you don't mind my saying so, sir, I think you should

deactivate the little fugitive until you've gotten him back to your

workshop.

LUKE: No, he's not going to try anything.

		 Suddenly the little robot jumps to life with a mass of

	frantic whistles and screams.

LUKE: What's wrong with him now?

THREEPIO: Oh my...sir, he says there are several creatures approaching

from the southeast.

		 Luke swings his rifle into position and looks to the south.

LUKE: Sandpeople! Or worst! Come on, let's have a look. Come on.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ROCK CANYON -- RIDGE -- DAY.

	Luke carefully makes his way to the top of a rock ridge and

	scans the canyon with his electrobinoculars. He spots the two

	riderless Banthas. Threepio struggles up behind the young

	adventurer.

LUKE: There are two Banthas down there but I don't see any...wait a

second, they're Sandpeople all right. I can see one of them now.

		 Luke watches the distant Tusken Raider through his

	electrobinoculars. Suddenly something huge moves in front of

	his field of view. Before Luke or Threepio can react, a large,

	gruesome Tusken Raider looms over them. Threepio is startled

	and backs away, right off the side if the cliff. He can be

	heard for several moments as he clangs, bangs and rattles down

	the side of the mountain.

		 The towering creature brings down his curved,

	double-pointed gaderffii -- the dreaded axe blade that has

	struck terror in the heart of the local settlers. But Luke

	manages to block the blow with his laser rifle, which is

	smashed to pieces. The terrified farm boy scrambles backward

	until he is forced to the edge of a deep crevice. The sinister

	Raider stands over him with his weapon raised and lets out a

	horrible shrieking laugh.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- ROCK CANYON -- FLOOR -- DAY.

	Artoo forces himself into the shadows of a small alcove in the

	rocks as the vicious Sandpeople walk past carrying the inert

	Luke Skywalker, who is dropped in a heap before the speeder.

	The Sandpeople ransack the speeder, throwing parts and

	supplies in all directions. Suddenly they stop. Then

	everything is quiet for a few moments. A great howling moan is

	heard echoing throughout the canyon which sends the Sandpeople

	fleeing in terror.

		 Artoo moves even tighter into the shadows as the slight

	swishing sound that frightened off the Sandpeople grows even

	closer, until a shabby old desert-rat-of-a-man appears and

	leans over Luke. His ancient leathery face, cracked and

	weathered by exotic climates is set off by dark, penetrating

	eyes and a scraggly white beard. Ben Kenobi squints his eyes

	as he scrutinizes the unconscious farm boy. Artoo makes a

	slight sound and Ben turns and looks right at him.

BEN: Hello there! Come here my little friend. Don't be afraid.

	Artoo waddles over to were Luke lies crumpled in a 

	heap and begins to whistle and beep his concern. Ben

	puts his hand on Luke's forehead and he begins to 

	come around.

BEN: Don't worry, he'll be all right.

LUKE: What happened?

BEN: Rest easy, son, you've had a busy day. You're fortunate you're

still in one piece.

LUKE: Ben? Ben Kenobi! Boy, am I glad to see you! 

BEN: The Jundland wastes are not to be traveled lightly. Tell me young

Luke, what brings you out this far?

LUKE: Oh, this little droid! I think he's searching for his former

master...I've never seen such devotion in a droid before...there

seems to be no stopping him. He claims to be the property of an Obi-

Wan Kenobi. Is he a relative of yours? Do you know who he's talking 

about?

	Ben ponders this for a moment, scratching his scruffy beard.

BEN: Obi-Wan Kenobi...Obi-Wan? Now thats a name I haven't heard in a 

long time...a long time.

LUKE: I think my uncle knew him. He said he was dead.

BEN: Oh, he's not dead, not...not yet.

LUKE: You know him!

BEN: Well of course, of course I know him. He's me! I haven't gone by

the name Obi-Wan since oh, before you were born.

LUKE: Then the droid does belong to you.

BEN: Don't seem to remember ever owning a droid. Very interesting...

	He suddenly looks up at the overhanging cliffs.


BEN: I think we better get indoors. The Sandpeople are easily startled

but they will soon be back and in greater numbers.

	Luke sits up and rubs his head. Artoo lets out a pathetic

	beep causing Luke to remember something. He looks around.

LUKE: Threepio!

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- SAND PIT -- ROCK MESA -- DAY.

	Little Artoo stands at the edge of a large sand pit and begins

	to chatter away in electronic whistles and beeps. Luke and Ben

	stand over a very dented and tangled Threepio lying half

	buried in the sand. One of his arms has broken off.

		 Luke tries to revive the inert robot by shaking him and

	then flips a hidden switch on his back several times until

	finally the mechanical man's systems turn on.

THREEPIO: Where am I? I must have taken a bad step...

LUKE: Can you stand? We've got to get out of here before the

Sandpeople return.

THREEPIO: I don't think I can make it. You go on, Master Luke. There's

no sense in you risking yourself on my account. I'm done for.

	

		 Artoo makes a beeping sound.

LUKE: No, you're not. What kind of talk is that?

		 Luke and Ben help the battered robot to his feet. Little

	Artoo watches from the top of the pit. Ben glances around

	suspiciously. Sensing something, he stands up and sniffs the

	air.

BEN: Quickly, son...they're on the move.

INTERIOR: KENOBI'S DWELLING.

	The small, spartan hovel is cluttered with desert junk but

	still manages to radiate an air of time-worn comfort and

	security. Luke is in one corner repairing Threepio's arm, as

	old Ben sits thinking.

LUKE: No, my father didn't fight in the wars. He was a navigator on a

spice freighter.

BEN: That's what your uncle told you. He didn't hold with your

father's ideals. Thought he should have stayed here and not gotten

involved.

LUKE: You fought in the Clone Wars?

BEN: Yes, I was once a Jedi Knight the same as your father.

LUKE: I wish I'd known him.

BEN: He was the best star-pilot in the galaxy, and a cunning warrior.

I understand you've become quite a good pilot yourself. And he was a

good friend. Which reminds me...

		 Ben gets up and goes to a chest where he rummages around.

	As Luke finishes repairing Threepio and starts to fit the

	restraining bolt back on, Threepio looks at him nervously.

	Luke thinks about the bolt for a moment then puts it on the

	table. Ben shuffles up and presents Luke with a short handle

	with several electronic gadgets attached to it.

BEN: I have something here for you. Your father wanted you to have

this when you were old enough, but your uncle wouldn't allow it. He

feared you might follow old Obi-Wan on some damned-fool idealistic

crusade like your father did. 

THREEPIO: Sir, if you'll not be needing me, I'll close down for

awhile.

LUKE: Sure, go ahead.

		 Ben hands Luke the saber.

LUKE: What is it?

BEN: Your fathers lightsaber. This is the weapon of a Jedi Knight. Not

as clumsy or as random as a blaster.

			 

		 Luke pushes a button on the handle. A long beam shoots out

	about four feet and flickers there. The light plays across the

	ceiling.

BEN: An elegant weapon for a more civilized time. For over a thousand

generations the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice

in the Old Republic. Before the dark times, before the Empire.

		 Luke hasn't really been listening.

LUKE: How did my father die?

BEN: A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who was a pupil of mine until he

turned to evil, helped the Empire hunt down and destroy the Jedi

Knights. He betrayed and murdered your father. Now the Jedi are all

but extinct. Vader was seduced by the dark side of the Force.

LUKE: The Force?

BEN: Well, the Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy

field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us.

It binds the galaxy together.

		 Artoo makes beeping sounds.

BEN: Now, let's see if we can't figure out what you are, my little

friend. And where you come from.

LUKE: I saw part of the message he was...

		 Luke is cut short as the recorded image of the beautiful

	young Rebel princess is projected from Artoo's face.

BEN: I seem to have found it.

		 Luke stops his work as the lovely girl's image flickers

	before his eyes.

LEIA: General Kenobi, years ago you served my father in the Clone

Wars. Now he begs you to help him in his struggle against the Empire.

I regret that I am unable to present my father's request to you in

person, but my ship has fallen under attack and I'm afraid my mission

to bring you to Alderaan has failed. I have placed information vital

to the survival of the Rebellion into the memory systems of this R2

unit. My father will know how to retrieve it. You must see this droid

safely delivered to him on Alderaan. This is our most desperate hour.

Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi, you're my only hope.

	There is a little static and the transmission is cut short.

	Old Ben leans back and scratches his head. He silently puffs

	on a tarnished chrome water pipe. Luke has stars in his eyes.

BEN: You must learn the ways of the Force if you're to come with me to

Alderaan.

LUKE: (laughing) Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. I've got to go

home. It's late, I'm in for it as it is.

BEN: I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I'm getting too old

for this sort of thing.

LUKE: I can't get involved! I've got work to do! It's not that I like

the Empire. I hate it! But there's nothing I can do about it right

now. It's such a long way from here.

BEN: That's your uncle talking.

LUKE: (sighing) Oh, God, my uncle. How am I ever going to explain

this?

BEN: Learn about the Force, Luke.

LUKE: Look, I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a

transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're going.

BEN: You must do what you feel is right, of course.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	An Imperial Stardestroyer heads toward the evil planet-like

	battle station: the Death Star!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONFERENCE ROOM.

	Eight Imperial senators and generals sit around a black

	conference table. Imperial stormtroopers stand guard around

	the room. Commander Tagge, a young, slimy-looking general, is

	speaking.

TAGGE: Until this battle station is fully operational we are

vulnerable. The Rebel Alliance is too well equipped. They're more

dangerous than you realize.

		 The bitter Admiral Motti twists nervously in his chair.

MOTTI: Dangerous to your starfleet, Commander, not to this battle

station!

TAGGE: The Rebellion will continue to gain a support in the Imperial

Senate as long as....

		 Suddenly all heads turn as Commander Tagge's speech is cut

	short and the Grand Moff Tarkin, governor of the Imperial

	outland regions, enters. He is followed by his powerful ally,

	The Sith Lord, Darth Vader. All of the generals stand and bow

	before the thin, evil-looking governor as he takes his place

	at the head of the table. The Dark Lord stands behind him.

TARKIN: The Imperial Senate will no longer be of any concern to us.

I've just received word that the Emperor has dissolved the council

permanently. The last remnants of the Old Republic have been swept

away.

TAGGE: That's impossible! How will the Emperor maintain control

without the bureaucracy?

TARKIN: The regional governors now have direct control over

territories. Fear will keep the local systems in line. Fear of this

battle station.

TAGGE: And what of the Rebellion? If the Rebels have obtained a

complete technical readout of this station, it is possible, however

unlikely, that they might find a weakness and exploit it.

VADER: The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands.

MOTTI: Any attack made by the Rebels against this station would be a

useless gesture, no matter what technical data they've obtained. This

station is now the ultimate power in the universe. I suggest we use

it!

VADER: Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've

constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to

the power of the Force.

MOTTI: Don't try to frighten us with your sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader.

Your sad devotion to that ancient religion has not helped you conjure

up the stolen data tapes, or given you clairvoyance enough to find the

Rebel's hidden fort...

		 Suddenly Motti chokes and starts to turn blue under Vader's

	spell.

VADER: I find your lack of faith disturbing.

TARKIN: Enough of this! Vader, release him!

VADER: As you wish.

TARKIN: This bickering is pointless. Lord Vader will provide us with

the location of the Rebel fortress by the time this station is

operational. We will then crush the Rebellion with one swift stroke.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- WASTELAND.

	The speeder stops before what remains of the huge Jawas

	Sandcrawler. Luke and Ben walk among the smoldering rubble

	and scattered bodies.

LUKE: It looks like Sandpeople did this, all right. Look, here are

Gaffi sticks, Bantha tracks. It's just...I never heard of them hitting

anything this big before.

		 Ben is crouching in the sand studying the tracks.

BEN: They didn't. But we are meant to think they did. These tracks are

side by side. Sandpeople always ride single file to hide there numbers.



LUKE: These are the same Jawas that sold us Artoo and Threepio.

BEN: And these blast points, too accurate for Sandpeople. Only

Imperial stormtroopers are so precise.

LUKE: Why would Imperial troops want to slaughter Jawas?

		 Luke looks back at the speeder where Artoo and Threepio are

	inspecting the dead Jawas, and put two and two together.

LUKE: If they traced the robots here, they may have learned who they

sold them to. And that would lead them home!

		 Luke reaches a sudden horrible realization, then races for

	the speeder and jumps it.

BEN: Wait, Luke! It's too dangerous.

		 Luke races off leaving Ben and the two robots alone with

	the burning Sandcrawler.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- WASTELAND.

	Luke races across the wasteland in his battered Landspeeder.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- LARS HOMESTEAD.

	The speeder roars up to the burning homestead. Luke jumps out

	and runs to the smoking holes that were once his home. Debris

	is scattered everywhere and it looks as if a great battle has

	taken place.

LUKE: Uncle Owen! Aunt Beru! Uncle Owen!

		 Luke stumbles around in a daze looking for his aunt and

	uncle. Suddenly he comes upon their smoldering remains. He is

	stunned, and cannot speak. Hate replaces fear and a new

	resolve comes over him.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	Imperial TIE fighter races toward the Death Star.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- DETENTION CORRIDOR.

	Two stormtroopers open an electronic cell door and allow

	several Imperial guards to enter. Princess Leia's face is

	filled with defiance, which slowly gives way to fear as a

	giant black torture robot enters, followed by Darth Vader.

VADER: And, now Your Highness, we will discuss the location of your

hidden Rebel base.

		 The torture robot gives off a steady beeping sound as it

	approaches Princess Leia and extends one of its mechanical

	arms bearing a large hypodermic needle. The door slides shut

	and the long cell block hallway appears peaceful. The muffled

	screams of the Rebel princess are barely heard.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- WASTELAND.

	There is a large bonfire of Jawa bodies blazing in front of

	the Sandcrawler as Ben and the robots finish burning the dead.

	Luke drives up in the speeder and Ben walks over to him.

BEN: There's nothing you could have done, Luke, had you been there.

You'd have been killed, too, and the droids would be in the hands of

the Empire.

LUKE: I want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing here for me

now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and become a Jedi like my

father.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- WASTELAND.

	The Landspeeder with Luke, Artoo, Threepio, and Ben in it

	zooms across the desert. The speeder stops on a bluff

	overlooking the spaceport at Mos Eisley. It is a haphazard

	array of low, grey, concrete structures and semi-domes. A

	harsh gale blows across the stark canyon floor. Luke adjusts

	his goggles and walks to the edge of the craggy bluff where

	Ben is standing.

BEN: Mos Eisley Spaceport. You will never find a more wretched hive of

scum and villainy. We must be cautious.

		 Ben looks over at Luke, who gives the old Jedi a determined

	smile.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- MOS EISLEY -- STREET.

	The speeder is stopped on a crowded street by several

	combat-hardend stormtroopers who look over the two robots. A

	Trooper questions Luke.

TROOPER: How long have you had these droids?

LUKE: About three or four seasons.

BEN: They're for sale if you want them.

TROOPER: Let me see your identification.

		 Luke becomes very nervous as he fumbles to find his ID

	while Ben speaks to the Trooper in a very controlled voice.

BEN: You don't need to see his identification.

TROOPER: We don't need to see his identification.

BEN: These are not the droids your looking for.

TROOPER: These are not the droids we're looking for.

BEN: He can go about his business.

TROOPER: You can go about your business.

BEN: (to Luke) Move along.

TROOPER: Move along. Move along.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- MOS EISLEY -- STREET.

	The speeder pulls up in front of a rundown blockhouse cantina

	on the outskirts of the spaceport. Various strange forms of

	transport, including several unusual beasts of burden, are

	parked outside the bar. A Jawa runs up and begins to fondle

	the speeder.

THREEPIO: I can't abide these Jawas. Disgusting creatures.

		 As Luke gets out of the speeder he tries to shoo the Jawa

	away.

	 

LUKE: Go on, go on. I can't understand how we got by those troopers. I

thought we were dead.

BEN: The Force can have a strong influence on the weak-minded. You

will find it a powerful ally.

LUKE: Do you really think we're going to find a pilot here that'll

take us to Alderaan?

BEN: Well, most of the best freighter pilots can be found here. Only

watch your step. This place can be a little rough.

LUKE: I'm ready for anything.

THREEPIO: Come along, Artoo.

INTERIOR: TATOOINE -- MOS EISLEY -- CANTINA.

	The young adventurer and his two mechanical servants follow

	Ben Kenobi into the smoke-filled cantina. The murky, moldy den

	is filled with a startling array of weird and exotic alien

	creatures and monsters at the long metallic bar. At first the

	sight is horrifying. One-eyed, thousand-eyed, slimy, furry,

	scaly, tentacled, and clawed creatures huddle over drinks. Ben

	moves to an empty spot at the bar near a group of repulsive

	but human scum. A huge, rough-looking Bartender stops Luke and

	the robots.

BARTENDER: We don't serve their kind here!

		 Luke still recovering from the shock of seeing so many

	outlandish creatures, doesn't quite catch the bartender's

	drift.

LUKE: What?

BARTENDER: Your droids. They'll have to wait outside. We don't want

them here.

		 Luke looks at old Ben, who is busy talking to one of the

	Galactic pirates. He notices several of the gruesome creatures

	along the bar are giving him a very unfriendly glare.

		 Luke pats Threepio on the shoulder.

LUKE: Listen, why don't you wait out by the speeder. We don't want any

trouble.

THREEPIO: I heartily agree with you sir.

	Threepio and his stubby partner go outside and most of the

	creatures at the bar go back to their drinks.

		 Ben is standing next to Chewbacca, an eight-foot-tall-

	savage-looking creature resembling a huge grey bushbaby monkey

	with fierce baboon-like fangs. His large blue eyes dominate a

	fur-covered face and soften his otherwise awesome appearance.

	Over his matted, furry body he wears two chrome bandoliers,

	and little else. He is a two-hundred-year-old Wookiee and a

	sight to behold.

		 Ben speaks to the Wookiee, pointing to Luke several times

	during his conversation and the huge creature suddenly lets

	out a horrifying laugh. Luke is more than a little bit

	disconcerted and pretends not to hear the conversation between

	Ben and the giant Wookiee.

		 Luke is terrified but tries not to show it. He quietly sips

	his drink, looking over the crowd for a more sympathetic ear

	or whatever. 

		 A large, multiple-eyed Creature gives Luke a rough shove.

CREATURE: Negola dewaghi wooldugger?!?

		 The hideous freak is obviously drunk. Luke tries to ignore

	the creature and turns back on his drink. A short, grubby

	Human and an even smaller rodent-like beast join the

	belligerent monstrosity.

HUMAN: He doesn't like you.

LUKE: I'm sorry.

HUMAN: I don't like you either

		 The big creature is getting agitated and yells out some

	unintelligible gibberish at the now rather nervous, young

	adventurer.

HUMAN: (continued) Don't insult us. You just watch yourself. We're

wanted men. I have the death sentence in twelve systems.

LUKE: I'll be careful than.

HUMAN: You'll be dead.

		 The rodent lets out a loud grunt and everything at the bar

	moves away. Luke tries to remain cool but it isn't easy. His

	three adversaries ready their weapons. Old Ben moves in behind

	Luke.

BEN: This little one isn't worth the effort. Come let me buy you

something...

		 A powerful blow from the unpleasant creature sends the

	young would-be Jedi sailing across the room, crashing through

	tables and breaking a large jug filled with a foul-looking

	liquid. With a blood curdling shriek, the monster draws a

	wicked chrome laser pistol from his belt and levels it at old

	Ben. The bartender panics.

BARTENDER: No blasters! No blaster!

		 With astounding agility old Ben's laser sword sparks to

	life and in a flash an arm lies on the floor. The rodent is

	cut in two and the giant multiple-eyed creature lies doubled,

	cut from chin to groin. Ben carefully and precisely turns off

	his laser sword and replaces it on his utility belt. Luke,

	shaking and totally amazed at the old man's abilities, attempts

	to stand. The entire fight has lasted only a matter of seconds.

	The cantina goes back to normal, although Ben is given a

	respectable amount of room at the bar. Luke, rubbing his

	bruised head, approaches the old man with new awe. Ben points

	the the Wookiee.

BEN: This is Chewbacca. He's first-mate on a ship that might suit our

needs.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- MOS EISLEY -- STREET.

	Threepio paces in front of the cantina as Artoo carries on an

	electronic conversation with another little red astro-droid. A

	creature comes out of the cantina and approaches two

	stormtroopers in the street.

THREEPIO: I don't like the look of this.

INTERIOR: TATOOINE -- MOS EISLEY -- CANTINA.

	Strange creatures play exotic big band music on odd-looking

	instruments as Luke, still giddy, downs a fresh drink and

	follows Ben and Chewbacca to a booth where Han Solo is

	sitting. Han is a tough, roguish starpilot about thirty years

	old. A mercenary on a starship, he is simple, sentimental, and

	cocksure.

HAN: Han Solo. I'm captain of the Millennium Falcon. Chewie here tells

me you're looking for passage to the Alderaan system.

BEN: Yes, indeed. If it's a fast ship.

HAN: Fast ship? You've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?

BEN: Should I have?

HAN: It's the ship that made the Kessel run in less than twelve

parsecs!

		 Ben reacts to Solo's stupid attempt to impress them with

	obvious misinformation.

HAN: (continued) I've outrun Imperial starships, not the local

bulk-cruisers, mind you. I'm talking about the big Corellian ships

now. She's fast enough for you, old man. What's the cargo?

BEN: Only passengers. Myself, the boy, two droids, and no questions

asked.

HAN: What is it? Some kind of local trouble?

BEN: Let's just say we'd like to avoid any Imperial entanglements.

HAN: Well, that's the trick, isn't it? And it's going to cost you

something extra. Ten thousand in advance.

LUKE: Ten thousand? We could almost buy our own ship for that!

HAN: But who's going to fly it, kid! You?

LUKE: You bet I could. I'm not such a bad pilot myself! We don't have

to sit here and listen...

BEN: We haven't that much with us. But we could pay you two thousand

now, plus fifteen when we reach Alderaan.

HAN: Seventeen, huh!

		 Han ponders this for a few moments.

HAN: Okay. You guys got yourself a ship. We'll leave as soon as you're

ready. Docking bay Ninety-four.

BEN: Ninety-four.

HAN: Looks like somebody's beginning to take an interest in your

handiwork.

		 Ben and Luke turn around to see four Imperial stormtroopers

	looking at the dead bodies and asking the bartenders some

	questions. The bartender points to the booth.

TROOPER: All right, we'll check it out.

		 The stormtroopers look over at the booth but Luke and Ben

	are gone. The bartender shrugs his shoulders in puzzlement.

HAN: Seventeen thousand! Those guys must really be desperate. This

could really save my neck. Get back to the ship and get her ready.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- MOS EISLEY -- STREET.

BEN: You'll have to sell your speeder.

LUKE: That's okay. I'm never coming back to this planet again.

INTERIOR: MOS EISLEY -- CANTINA.

	As Han is about to leave, Greedo, a slimy green-faced alien 

	with a short trunk-nose, pokes a gun in his side. The creature

	speaks in a foreign tongue translated into English subtitles.

GREEDO: Going somewhere, Solo?

HAN: Yes, Greedo. As a matter of fact, I was just going to see your

boss. Tell Jabba that I've got his money.

		 Han sits down and the alien sits across from him holding

	the gun on him.

GREEDO: It's too late. You should have paid him when you had the

chance. Jabba's put a price on your head, so large that every bounty

hunter in the galaxy will be looking for you. I'm lucky I found you

first.

HAN: Yeah, but this time I got the money.

GREEDO: If you give it to me, I might forget I found you.

HAN: I don't have it with me. Tell Jabba...

GREEDO: Jabba's through with you. He has no time for smugglers who

drop their shipments at the first sign of an Imperial cruiser.

HAN: Even I get boarded sometimes. Do you think I had a choice?

	

		 Han Solo slowly reaches for his gun under the table.

GREEDO: You can tell that to Jabba. He may only take your ship.

HAN: Over my dead body.

GREEDO: That's the idea. I've been looking forward to killing you for

a long time.

HAN: Yes, I'll bet you have.



		 Suddenly the slimy alien disappears in a blinding flash of

	light. Han pulls his smoking gun from beneath the table as the

	other patron look on in bemused amazement. Han gets up and

	starts out of the cantina, flipping the bartender some coins

	as he leaves.

HAN: Sorry about the mess.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	Several TIE fighters approach the Death Star.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONTROL ROOM.


VADER: Her resistance to the mind probe is considerable. It will be

some time before we can extract any information from her.

		 An Imperial Officer interrupts the meeting.

IMPERIAL OFFICER: The final check-out is complete. All systems are

operational. What course shall we set?

TARKIN: Perhaps she would respond to an alternative form of

persuasion.

VADER: What do you mean?

TARKIN: I think it is time we demonstrate the full power of this

station. (to soldier) Set your course for Princess Leia's home planet

of Alderaan.

TROOPER: With pleasure.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- MOS EISLEY -- STREET.

	Four heavily-armed stormtroopers move menacingly along a

	narrow slum alleyway crowed with darkly clad creatures hawking

	exotic goods in the dingy little stalls. Men, monsters, and

	robots crouch in the waste-filled doorways, whispering and

	hiding from the hot winds.

THREEPIO: Lock the door, Artoo.

		 One of the troopers checks a tightly locked door and moves

	on down the alleyway. The door slides open a crack and

	Threepio peeks out. Artoo is barely visible in the background.

TROOPER: All right, check that side of the street. It's secure. Move

on to the next door.

		 The door opens, Threepio moves into the doorway.

THREEPIO: I would much rather have gone with Master Luke than stay

here with you. I don't know what all the trouble is about, but I'm

sure it must be your fault.

		 Artoo makes beeping sounds.

THREEPIO: You watch your language!

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- MOS EISLEY -- STREET -- ALLEYWAY -- USED SPEEDER LOT.

	Ben and Luke are standing in a sleazy used speeder lot,

	talking with a tall, grotesque, insect-like used speeder

	dealer. Strange exotic bodies and spindly-legged beasts pass

	by as the insect concludes the sale by giving Luke some coins.

LUKE: He says it's the best he can do. Since the XP-38 came out,

they're just not in demand.

BEN: It will be enough.

		 Ben and Luke leave the speeder lot and walk down the dusty

	alleyway past a small robot herding a bunch of anteater-like

	creatures. Luke turns and gives one last forlorn look at his

	faithful speeder as he rounds a corner. A darkly clad creature

	moves out of the shadows as they pass and watches them as they

	disappear down another alley.

BEN: If the ship's as fast as he's boasting, we ought to do well.

INTERIOR: DOCKING BAY 94 -- DAY.

	Jabba the Hut and a half-dozen grisly alien pirates and purple

	creatures stand in the middle of the docking bay. Jabba is the

	grossest of the slavering hulks and his scarred face is a grim

	testimonial to his prowess as a vicious killer. He is a fat,

	slug-like creature with eyes on extended feelers and a huge

	ugly mouth.

JABBA: Come on out, Solo!

		 A voice from directly behind the pirates startles them and

	they turn around to see Han Solo and the giant Wookiee,

	Chewbacca, standing behind them with no weapons in sight.

HAN: I've been waiting for you, Jabba.

JABBA: I expected you would be.

HAN: I'm not the type to run.

JABBA: (fatherly-smooth) Han, my boy, there are times when you

disappoint me...why haven't you paid me? And why did you have to fry

poor Greedo like that...after all we've been through together.

HAN: You sent Greedo to blast me.

JABBA: (mock surprise) Han, why you're the best smuggler in the

business. You're too valuable to fry. He was only relaying my concern

at your delays. He wasn't going to blast you.

HAN: I think he thought he was. Next time don't send one of those

twerps. If you've got something to say to me, come see me yourself.

JABBA: Han, Han! If only you hadn't had to dump that shipment of

spice...you understand I just can't make an exception. Where would I

be if every pilot who smuggled for me dumped their shipment at the

first sign of an Imperial starship? It's not good business.

HAN: You know, even I get boarded sometimes, Jabba. I had no choice,

but I've got a charter now and I can pay you back, plus a little

extra. I just need some more time.

JABBA: (to his men) Put your blasters away. Han, my boy, I'm only

doing this because you're the best and I need you. So, for an extra,

say twenty percent I'll give you a little more time...but this is it.

If you disappoint me again, I'll put a price on your head so large you

won't be able to go near a civilized system for the rest of your short

life.

HAN: Jabba, I'll pay you because it's my pleasure.

EXTERIOR: DOCKING PORT ENTRY -- ALLEYWAY.

	Chewbacca waits restlessly at the entrance to Docking Bay 94.

	Ben, Luke, and the robots make their way up the street.

	Chewbacca jabbers excitedly and signals for them to hurry. The

	darkly clad creature has followed them from the speeder lot.

	He stops in a nearby doorway and speaks into a small

	transmitter.

INTERIOR: MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT -- DOCKING BAY 94

	Chewbacca leads the group into a giant dirt pit that is Docking

	Bay 94. Resting in the middle of the huge hole is a large,

	round, beat-up, pieced-together hunk of junk that could only

	loosely be called a starship.

LUKE: What a piece of junk.

		 The tall figure of Han Solo comes down the boarding ramp.

HAN: She'll make point five beyond the speed of light. She may not

look like much, but she's got it where it counts, kid. I've added some

special modifications myself.

		 Luke scratches his head. It's obvious he isn't sure about

	all this. Chewbacca rushes up the ramp and urges the others to

	follow.

HAN: We're a little rushed, so if you'll hurry aboard we'll get out of

here.

		 The group rushes up the gang plank, passing a grinning Han

	Solo.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON.

	Chewbacca settles into the pilot's chair and starts the mighty

	engines of the starship.

INTERIOR: MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT -- DOCKING BAY 94.

	Luke, Ben, Threepio, and Artoo move toward the Millennium

	Falcon passing Solo.

THREEPIO: Hello, sir.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- MOS EISLEY -- STREET.

	Eight Imperial stormtroopers rush up to the darkly clad

	creature.

TROOPER: Which way?

		 The darkly clad creature points to the door of the docking

	bay.

TROOPER: All right, men. Load your weapons!

INTERIOR: MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT -- DOCKING BAY 94.

	The troops hold their guns at the ready and charge down the

	docking bay entrance.

TROOPER: Stop that ship!

		 Han Solo looks up and sees the Imperial stormtroopers

	rushing into the docking bay. Several of the troopers fire at

	Han as he ducks into the spaceship.

TROOPER: Blast 'em!

		 Han draws his laser pistol and pops off a couple of shots

	which force the stormtroopers to dive for safety. The

	pirateship engines whine as Han hits the release button that

	slams the overhead entry shut.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON.

HAN: Chewie, get us out of here!

		 The group straps in for take off.

THREEPIO: Oh, my. I'd forgotten how much I hate space travel.

EXTERIOR: TATOOINE -- MOS EISLEY -- STREETS.

	The half-dozen stormtroopers at a check point hear the general

	alarm and look to the sky as the huge starship rises above the

	dingy slum dwellings and quickly disappears into the morning

	sky.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	Han climbs into the pilot's chair next to Chewbacca, who

	chatters away as he points to something on the radar scope.

EXTERIOR: SPACE -- PLANET TATOOINE.

	The Corellian pirateship zooms from Tatooine into space.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	Han frantically types information into the ship's computer.

	Little Artoo appears momentarily at the cockpit doorway, makes

	a few beeping remarks, then scurries away.

HAN: It looks like an Imperial cruiser. Our passengers must be hotter

than I thought. Try and hold them off. Angle the deflector shield

while I make the calculations for the jump to light speed.

EXTERIOR: SPACE -- PLANET TATOOINE.

	The Millennium Falcon pirateship races away from the yellow

	planet, Tatooine. It is followed by two huge Imperial

	stardestroyers.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	Over the shoulders of Chewbacca and Han, we can see the galaxy

	spread before them. Luke and Ben make their way into the

	cramped cockpit where Han continues his calculation.

HAN: Stay sharp! There are two more coming in; they're going to try to

cut us off.

LUKE: Why don't you outrun them? I thought you said this thing was

fast.

HAN: Watch your mouth, kid, or you're going to find yourself floating

home. We'll be safe enough once we make the jump to hyperspace.

Besides, I know a few maneuvers. We'll lose them!

EXTERIOR: SPACE -- PLANET TATOOINE.

	Imperial cruisers fire at the pirateship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	The ship shudders as an explosion flashes outside the window.

HAN: Here's where the fun begins!

BEN: How long before you can make the jump to light speed?

HAN: It'll take a few moments to get the coordinates from the

navi-computer.

	The ship begins to rock violently as lasers hit it.

LUKE: Are you kidding? At the rate they're gaining...

HAN: Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy!

Without precise calculations we could fly right through a star or

bounce too close to a supernova and that'd end your trip real quick,

wouldn't it?

		 The ship is now constantly battered with laserfire as a red

	warning light begins to flash.

LUKE: What's that flashing?

HAN: We're losing our deflector shield. Go strap yourself in, I'm

going to make the jump to light speed.

		 The galaxy brightens and they move faster, almost as if

	crashing a barrier. Stars become streaks as the pirateship

	makes the jump to hyperspace.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The Millennium Falcon zooms into infinity in less than a

	second.

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Alderaan looms behind the Death Star battlestation.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONTROL ROOM.

	Admiral Motti enters the quiet control room and bows before

	Governor Tarkin, who stands before the huge wall screen

	displaying a small green planet.

MOTTI: We've entered the Alderaan system.

		 Vader and two stormtroopers enter with Princess Leia. Her

	hands are bound.

LEIA: Governor Tarkin, I should have expected to find you holding

Vader's leash. I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on

board.

TARKIN: Charming to the last. You don't know how hard I found it

signing the order to terminate your life!

LEIA: I surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility

yourself!

TARKIN: Princess Leia, before your execution I would like you to be my

guest at a ceremony that will make this battle station operational. No

star system will dare oppose the Emperor now.

LEIA: The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems

will slip through your fingers.

TARKIN: Not after we demonstrate the power of this station. In a way,

you have determined the choice of the planet that'll be destroyed

first. Since you are reluctant to provide us with the location of the

Rebel base, I have chosen to test this station's destructive power...

on your home planet of Alderaan.

LEIA: No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no weapons. You can't

possibly...

TARKIN: You would prefer another target? A military target? Then name

the system!

		 Tarkin waves menacingly toward Leia.

TARKIN: I grow tired of asking this. So it'll be the last time. Where

is the Rebel base?

		 Leia overhears an intercom voice announcing the approach to

	Alderaan.

LEIA: (softly) Dantooine.

		 Leia lowers her head.

LEIA: They're on Dantooine.

TARKIN: There. You see Lord Vader, she can be reasonable. (addressing

Motti) Continue with the operation. You may fire when ready.

LEIA: What?

TARKIN: You're far too trusting. Dantooine is too remote to make an

effective demonstration. But don't worry. We will deal with your Rebel

friends soon enough. 

LEIA: No!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- BLAST CHAMBER.

VADER: Commence primary ignition.

		 A button is pressed which switches on a panel of lights. A

	hooded Imperial soldier reaches overhead and pulls a lever.

	Another lever is pulled. Vader reaches for still another lever

	and a bank of lights on a panel and wall light up. A huge beam

	of light emanates from within a cone-shaped area and converges

	into a single laser beam out toward Alderaan. The small green

	planet of Alderaan is blown into space dust.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- CENTRAL HOLD AREA.



	Ben watches Luke practice the lightsaber with a small "seeker"

	robot. Ben suddenly turns away and sits down. He falters,

	seems almost faint.

LUKE: Are you all right? What's wrong?

BEN: I felt a great disturbance in the Force...as if millions of

voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear

something terrible has happened.

		 Ben rubs his forehead. He seems to drift into a trance. Then

	he fixes his gaze on Luke.

BEN: You'd better get on with your exercises.

		 Han Solo enters the room.

HAN: Well, you can forget your troubles with those Imperial slugs. I

told you I'd outrun 'em.

		 Luke is once again practicing with the lightsaber.

HAN: Don't everyone thank me at once.

		 Threepio watches Chewbacca and Artoo who are engrossed in a

	game in which three-dimensional holographic figures move along

	a chess-type board.

HAN: Anyway, we should be at Alderaan about oh-two-hundred hours.

		 Chewbacca and the two robots sit around the lighted table

	covered with small holographic monsters. Each side of the

	table has a small computer monitor embedded in it. Chewbacca

	seems very pleased with himself as he rests his lanky fur-

	covered arms over his head.

THREEPIO: Now be careful, Artoo.



		 Artoo immediately reaches up and taps the computer with his

	stubby claw hand, causing one of the holographic creatures to

	walk to the new square. A sudden frown crosses Chewbacca's

	face and he begins yelling gibberish at the tiny robot.

	Threepio intercedes on behalf of his small companion and

	begins to argue with the huge Wookiee.

THREEPIO: He made a fair move. Screaming about it won't help you.

HAN: (interrupting) Let him have it. It's not wise to upset a Wookiee.

THREEPIO: But sir, nobody worries about upsetting a droid.

HAN: That's 'cause droids don't pull people's arms out of their socket

when they lose. Wookiees are known to do that.

THREEPIO: I see your point, sir. I suggest a new strategy, Artoo. Let

the Wookiee win.

		 Luke stands in the middle of the small hold area; he seems

	frozen in place. A humming lightsaber is held high over his

	head. Ben watches him from the corner, studying his movements.

	Han watches with a bit of smugness.

BEN: Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him.

LUKE: You mean it controls your actions?

BEN: Partially. But it also obeys your commands.

		 Suspended at eye level, about ten feet in front of Luke, a

	"seeker", a chrome baseball-like robot covered with antennae,

	hovers slowly in a wide arc. The ball floats to one side of

	the youth then the other. Suddenly it makes a lightning-swift

	lunge and stops within a few feet of Luke's face. Luke doesn't

	move and the ball backs off. It slowly moves behind the boy,

	then makes another quick lunge, this time emitting a blood red

	laser beam as it attacks. It hits Luke in the leg causing him

	to tumble over. Han lets loose with a burst of laughter.

HAN: Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good

blaster at your side, kid.

LUKE: You don't believe in the Force, do you?

HAN: Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other. I've

seen a lot of strange stuff, but I've never seen anything to make me

believe there's one all-powerful force controlling everything. There's

no mystical energy field that controls my destiny.

		 Ben smiles quietly

HAN: It's all a lot of simple tricks and nonsense.

BEN: I suggest you try it again, Luke.

		 Ben places a large helmet on Luke's head which covers his

	eyes.

BEN: This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct.

LUKE: (laughing) With the blast shield down, I can't even see. How am

I supposed to fight?

BEN: Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.

		 Han skeptically shakes his head as Ben throws the seeker

	into the air. The ball shoots straight up in the air, then

	drops like a rock. Luke swings the lightsaber around blindly

	missing the seeker, which fires off a laserbolt which hits

	Luke square on the seat of the pants. He lets out a painful

	yell and attempts to hit the seeker.

BEN: Stretch out with your feelings.

		 Luke stands in one place, seemingly frozen. The seeker

	makes a dive at Luke and, incredibly, he managed to deflect

	the bolt. The ball ceases fire and moves back to its original

	position.

BEN: You see, you can do it.

HAN: I call it luck. 

BEN: In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.

HAN: Look, going good against remotes is one thing. Going good against

the living? That's something else.

		 Solo notices a small light flashing on the far side of the

	control panel.

HAN: Looks like we're coming up on Alderaan.

		 Han and Chewbacca head back to the cockpit.

LUKE: You know, I did feel something. I could almost see the remote.

BEN: That's good. You have taken your first step into a larger world.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONFERENCE ROOM.

	Imperial Officer Cass stands before Governor Tarkin and the

	evil Dark Lord Darth Vader.

TARKIN: Yes.

OFFICER CASS: Our scout ships have reached Dantooine. They found the

remains of a Rebel base, but they estimate that it has been deserted

for some time. They are now conducting an extensive search of the

surrounding systems.

TARKIN: She lied! She lied to us!

VADER: I told you she would never consciously betray the Rebellion.

TARKIN: Terminate her...immediately!

EXTERIOR: HYPERSPACE.

	The pirateship is just coming out of hyperspace; a strange

	surreal light show surrounds the ship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

HAN: Stand by, Chewie, here we go. Cut in the sublight engines.

		 Han pulls back on a control lever. Outside the cockpit

	window stars begin streaking past, seem to decrease in speed,

	then stop. Suddenly the starship begins to shudder and

	violently shake about. Asteroids begin to race toward them,

	battering the sides of the ship.

HAN: What the...? Aw, we've come out of hyperspace into a meteor

shower. Some kind of asteroid collision. It's not on any of the

charts.

		 The Wookiee flips off several controls and seems very cool

	in the emergency. Luke makes his way into the bouncing

	cockpit.

LUKE: What's going on?

HAN: Our position is correct, except...no, Alderaan!

LUKE: What do you mean? Where is it?

HAN: Thats what I'm trying to tell you, kid. It ain't there. It's been

totally blown away.

LUKE: What? How?

		 Ben moves into the cockpit behind Luke as the ship begins

	to settle down.

BEN: Destroyed...by the Empire!

HAN: The entire starfleet couldn't destroy the whole planet. It'd take

a thousand ships with more fire power than I've...

		 A signal starts flashing on the control panel and a muffled

	alarm starts humming.

HAN: There's another ship coming in.

LUKE: Maybe they know what happened.

BEN: It's an Imperial fighter.

		 Chewbacca barks his concern. A huge explosion bursts

	outside the cockpit window, shaking the ship violently. A

	tiny, finned Imperial TIE fighter races past the cockpit

	window.

LUKE: It followed us!

BEN: No. It's a short range fighter.

HAN: There aren't any bases around here. Where did it come from?

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The fighter races past the Corellian pirateship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

LUKE: It sure is leaving in a big hurry. If they identify us, we're in

big trouble.

HAN: Not if I can help it. Chewie...jam it's transmissions.

BEN: It'd be as well to let it go. It's too far out of range.

HAN: Not for long...

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The pirateship zooms over the camera and away into the

	vastness of space after the Imperial TIE fighter.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	The tension mounts as the pirateship gains on the tiny fighter.

	In the distance, one of the stars becomes brighter until it is

	obvious that the TIE ship is heading for it. Ben stands behind

	Chewbacca.

BEN: A fighter that size couldn't get this deep into space on its own.

LUKE It must have gotten lost, been part of a convoy or something.

HAN: Well, he ain't going to be around long enough to tell anyone

about us.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The TIE fighter is losing ground to the larger pirateship as

	they race toward camera and disappear over head.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	The distant star can be distinguished as a small moon or

	planet.

LUKE: Look at him. He's headed for that small moon.

HAN: I think I can get him before he gets there...he's almost in

range.

		 The small moon begins to take on the appearance of a

	monstrous spherical battle station.

BEN: That's no moon! It's a space station.

HAN: It's too big to be a space station.

LUKE: I have a very bad feeling about this.

HAN: Yeah, I think your right. Full reverse! Chewie, lock in the

auxiliary power.

		 The pirateship shudders and the TIE fighter accelerates

	away toward the gargantuan battle station.

LUKE: Why are we still moving towards it?

HAN: We're caught in a tractor beam! It's pulling us in!

LUKE: But there's gotta be something you can do!

HAN: There's nothin' I can do about it, kid. I'm in full power. I'm

going to have to shut down. But they're not going to get me without a

fight!

		 Ben Kenobi puts a hand on his shoulder.

BEN: You can't win. But there are alternatives to fighting.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- DEATH STAR.

	As the battered pirate starship is towed closer to the awesome

	metal moon, the immense size of the massive battle station

	becomes staggering. Running along the equator of the gigantic

	sphere is a mile-high band of huge docking ports into which

	the helpless pirateship is dragged.

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- HUGE PORT DOORS.

	The helpless Millennium Falcon is pulled past a docking port

	control room and huge laser turret cannons.

VOICE OVER DEATH STAR INTERCOM: Clear Bay twenty-three-seven. We are

opening the magnetic field.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- DOCKING BAY 2037.

	The pirateship is pulled in through port doors of the Death

	Star, coming to rest in a huge hangar. Thirty stormtroopers

	stand at attention in a central assembly area.

OFFICER: To you stations!

OFFICER: (to another officer) Come with me.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- HALLWAY.

	Stormtroopers run to their posts.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- HANGAR 2037.

	A line of stormtroopers march toward the pirateship in

	readiness to board it, while other troopers stand with weapons

	ready to fire.

OFFICER: Close all outboard shields! Close all outboard shields!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONFERENCE ROOM.

 

	Tarkin pushes a button and responds to the intercom buzz.

TARKIN: Yes.

VOICE: (over intercom) We've captured a freighter entering the remains

of the Alderaan system. It's markings match those of a ship that

blasted its way out of Mos Eisley.

VADER: They must be trying to return the stolen plans to the princess.

She may yet be of some use to us.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- DOCKING BAY 2037.

	Vader and a commander approach the troops as an Officer and

	several heavily armed troops exit the spacecraft.

VOICE: (over intercom) Unlock one-five-seven and nine. Release

charges.

OFFICER: (to Vader) There's no one on board, sir. According to the

log, the crew abandoned ship right after takeoff. It must be a decoy,

sir. Several of the escape pods have been jettisoned.

VADER: Did you find any droids?

OFFICER: No, sir. If there were any on board, they must also have

jettisoned.

VADER: Send a scanning crew on board. I want every part of this ship

checked.

OFFICER: Yes, sir.

VADER: I sense something...a presence I haven't felt since...

		 Vader turns quickly and exits the hangar.

OFFICER: Get me a scanning crew in here on the double. I want every

part of this ship checked!

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- HALLWAY.

	A trooper runs through the hallway heading for the exit. In a

	few moments all is quiet. The muffled sounds of a distant

	officer giving orders finally fade. Two floor panels suddenly

	pop up revealing Han Solo and Luke. Ben Kenobi sticks his head

	out of a third locker.

LUKE: Boy, it's lucky you had these compartments.

HAN: I use them for smuggling. I never thought I'd be smuggling myself

in them. This is ridiculous. Even if I could take off, I'd never get

past the tractor beam.

BEN: Leave that to me!

HAN: Damn fool. I knew that you were going to say that!

BEN: Who's the more foolish...the fool or the fool who follows him?

		 Han shakes his head, muttering to himself. Chewbacca

	agrees.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN FORWARD BAY.

	The crewmen carry a heavy box on board the ship, past the two

	stormtroopers guarding either side of the ramp.

TROOPER: The ship's all yours. If the scanners pick up anything,

report it immediately. All right, let's go.

		 The crewmen enter the pirateship and a loud crashing sound

	is followed by a voice calling to the guard below.

HAN'S VOICE: Hey down there, could you give us a hand with this?

		 The stormtroopers enter the ship and a quick round of

	gunfire is heard.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- FORWARD BAY -- COMMAND OFFICE.

	In a very small command office near the entrance to the

	pirateship, a Gantry Officer looks out his window and notices

	the guards are missing. He speaks into the comlink.

GANTRY OFFICER: TX-four-one-two. Why aren't you at your post?


TX-four-one-two, do you copy? 

		 A stormtrooper comes down the ramp of the pirateship and

	waves to the gantry officer, pointing to his ear indicating

	his comlink is not working. The gantry officer shakes his head

	in disgust and heads for the door, giving his aide an annoyed

	look.

GANTRY OFFICER: Take over. We've got a bad transmitter. I'll see what

I can do.

		 As the officer approaches the door, it slides open

	revealing the towering Chewbacca. The gantry officer, in a

	momentary state of shock, stumbles backward. With a bone-

	chilling howl, the giant Wookiee flattens the officer with one

	blow. The aide immediately reaches for his pistol, but is

	blasted by Han, dressed as an Imperial stormtrooper. Ben and

	the robots enter the room quickly followed by Luke, also

	dressed as a stormtrooper. Luke quickly removes his helmet.

LUKE: You know, between his howling and your blasting everything in

sight, it's a wonder the whole station doesn't know we're here.

HAN: Bring them on! I prefer a straight fight to all this sneaking

around.

THREEPIO: We found the computer outlet, sir.

		 Ben feeds some information into the computer and a map of

	the city appears on the monitor. He begins to inspect it

	carefully. Threepio and Artoo look over the control panel.

	Artoo finds something that makes him whistle wildly.

BEN: Plug in. He should be able to interpret the entire Imperial

computer network.

		 Artoo punches his claw arm into the computer socket and the

	vast Imperial brain network comes to life, feeding information

	to the little robot. After a few moments, he beeps something.

THREEPIO: He says he's found the main computer to power the tractor

beam that's holding the ship here. He'll try to make the precise

location appear on the monitor.

		 The computer monitor flashes readouts.

THREEPIO: The tractor beam is coupled to the main reactor in seven

locations. A power loss at one of the terminals will allow the ship to

leave.

		 Ben studies the data on the monitor readout.

BEN: I don't think you boys can help. I must go alone.

HAN: Whatever you say. I've done more that I bargained for on this

trip already.

LUKE: I want to go with you.

BEN: Be patient, Luke. Stay and watch over the droids.

LUKE: But he can...

BEN: They must be delivered safely or other star systems will suffer

the same fate as Alderaan. Your destiny lies along a different path

than mine. The Force will be with you...always!

		 Ben adjusts the lightsaber on his belt and silently steps

	out of the command office, then disappears down a long grey

	hallway. Chewbacca barks a comment and Han shakes his head in

	agreement.

HAN: Boy you said it, Chewie.

		 Han looks at Luke.

HAN: Where did you dig up that old fossil?

LUKE: Ben is a great man.

HAN: Yeah, great at getting us into trouble.

LUKE: I didn't hear you give any ideas...

HAN: Well, anything would be better than just hanging around waiting

for him to pick us up...

LUKE: Who do you think...

		 Suddenly Artoo begins to whistle and beep a blue streak.

	Luke goes over to him.

LUKE: What is it?

THREEPIO: I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir. He says "I found her",


and keeps repeating, "She's here."

LUKE: Well, who...who has he found?

		 Artoo whistles a frantic reply.

THREEPIO: Princess Leia.

LUKE: The princess? She's here?

HAN: Princess? What's going on?

THREEPIO: Level five. Detention block A A-twenty-three. I'm afraid

she's scheduled to be terminated.

LUKE: Oh, no! We've got to do something.

HAN: What are you talking about?

LUKE: The droid belongs to her. She's the one in the message.. We've

got to help her.

HAN: Now, look, don't get any funny ideas. The old man wants us to

wait right here.

LUKE: But he didn't know she was here. Look, will you just find a way

back into the detention block?

HAN: I'm not going anywhere.

LUKE: They're going to execute her. Look, a few minutes ago you said

you didn't want to just wait here to be captured. Now all you want to

do is stay. 

HAN: Marching into the detention area is not what I had in mind.

LUKE: But they're going to kill her!

HAN: Better her than me...

LUKE: She's rich.

		 Chewbacca growls.

HAN: Rich?

LUKE: Yes. Rich, powerful! Listen, if you were to rescue her, the

reward would be...

HAN: What?

LUKE: Well more wealth that you can imagine.

HAN: I don't know, I can imagine quite a bit!

LUKE: You'll get it!

HAN: I better!

LUKE: You will...

HAN: All right, kid. But you'd better be right about this.

		 Han looks at Chewie, who grunts a short grunt.

LUKE: All right.

HAN: What's your plan?

LUKE: Uh...Threepio, hand me those binders there will you?

		 Luke moves toward Chewbacca with electronic cuffs.

LUKE: Okay. Now, I'm going to put these on you.

		 Chewie lets out a hideous growl.



LUKE: Okay. Han, you put these on.

		 Luke sheepishly hands the binders to Han.

HAN: Don't worry, Chewie. I think I know what he has in mind.

		 The Wookiee has a worried and frightened look on his face

	as Han binds him with the electronic cuffs.

THREEPIO: Master Luke, sir! Pardon me for asking...but, ah...what

should Artoo and I do if we're discovered here?

LUKE: Lock the door!

HAN: And hope they don't have blasters.

THREEPIO: That isn't very reassuring.

		 Luke and Han put on their armored stormtrooper helmets and

	start off into the giant Imperial Death Star.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- DETENTION AREA -- ELEVATOR TUBE.

	Han and Luke try to look inconspicuous in their armored suits

	as they wait for a vacuum elevator to arrive. Troops,

	bureaucrats, and robots bustle about, ignoring the trio

	completely. Only a few give the giant Wookiee a curious

	glance.

		 Finally a small elevator arrives and the trio enters.

LUKE: I can't see a thing in this helmet.

	A bureaucrat races to get aboard also, but is signaled away by

	Han. The door to the pod-like vehicle slides closed and the

	elevator car takes off through a vacuum tube.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN HALLWAY.

	Several Imperial officers walk through the wide main

	passageway. They pass several stormtroopers and a robot

	similar to Threepio but with an insect face. At the far end of

	the hallway, a passing flash of Ben Kenobi appears, then

	disappears down a small hallway. His appearance is so fleeting

	that it is hard to tell if he is real or just an illusion. No

	one in the hallway seems to notice him.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- INTERIOR ELEVATOR -- DETENTION SECURITY AREA.

	Luke and Han step forward to exit the elevator, but the door

	slides open behind them. The giant Wookiee and his two guards

	enter the old grey security station. Guards and laser gates

	are everywhere. Han whispers to Luke under his breath.

HAN: This is not going to work.

LUKE: Why didn't you say so before?

HAN: I did say so before!

INTERIOR: DETENTION AREA.

	Elevator doors open. A tall, grim looking Officer approaches

	the trio.

OFFICER: Where are you taking this...thing?

		 Chewie growls a bit at the remark but Han nudges him to

	shut up.

LUKE: Prisoner transfer from Block one-one-three-eight.

OFFICER: I wasn't notified. I'll have to clear it.

		 The officer goes back to his console and begins to punch in

	the information. There are only three other troopers in the

	area. Luke and Han survey the situation, checking all of the

	alarms, laser gates, and camera eyes. Han unfastens one of

	Chewbacca's electronic cuffs and shrugs to Luke.

		 Suddenly Chewbacca throws up his hands and lets out with

	one of his ear-piercing howls. He grabs Han's laser rifle.

HAN: Look out! He's loose!

LUKE: He's going to pull us all apart.

HAN: Go get him!

		 The startled guards are momentarily dumbfounded. Luke and

	Han have already pulled out their laser pistols and are

	blasting away at the terrifying Wookiee. Their barrage of

	laserfire misses Chewbacca, but hits the camera eyes, laser

	gate controls, and the Imperial guards. The officer is the

	last of the guards to fall under the laserfire just as he is

	about to push the alarm system. Han rushes to the comlink

	system, which is screeching questions about what is going on.

	He quickly checks the computer readout.

HAN: We've got to find out which cell this princess of yours is in.

Here it is...cell twenty-one-eight-seven. You go get her. I'll hold

them here.

	Luke races down one of the cell corridors. Han speaks into the

	buzzing comlink.

HAN: (sounding official) Everything is under control. Situation

normal.

INTERCOM VOICE: What happened?

HAN: (getting nervous) Uh...had a slight weapons malfunction. But, uh,

everything's perfectly all right now. We're fine. We're all fine here,

now, thank you. How are you?

INTERCOM VOICE: We're sending a squad up.

HAN: Uh, uh, negative. We had a reactor leak here now. Give us a few

minutes to lock it down. Large leak...very dangerous.

INTERCOM VOICE: Who is this? What's your operating number?

		 Han blasts the comlink and it explodes.

HAN: Boring conversation anyway. (yelling down the hall) Luke! We're

going to have company!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CELL ROW.

	Luke stops in front of one of the cells and blasts the door

	away with a laser pistol. When the smoke clears, Luke sees the

	dazzling young princess-senator. She had been sleeping and is

	now looking at him with an uncomprehending look on her face.

	Luke is stunned by her incredible beauty and stands staring at

	her with his mouth hanging open.

LEIA: (finally) Aren't you a little short to be a stormtrooper?

		 Luke takes off his helmet, coming out of it.

LUKE: What? Oh...the uniform. I'm Luke Skywalker. I'm here to rescue

you. 

LEIA: You're who?

LUKE: I'm here to rescue you. I've got your R2 unit. I'm here with Ben

Kenobi.

LEIA: Ben Kenobi is here! Where is he?

LUKE: Come on!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONFERENCE ROOM.

	Darth Vader paces the room as Governor Tarkin sits at the far

	end of the conference table.

VADER: He is here...

TARKIN: Obi-Wan Kenobi! What makes you think so?

VADER: A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the

presence of my old master.

TARKIN: Surely he must be dead by now.

VADER: Don't underestimate the power of the Force.

TARKIN: The Jedi are extinct, their fire has gone out of the universe.

You, my friend, are all that's left of their religion.

		 There is a quiet buzz on the comlink.

TARKIN: Yes.

INTERCOM VOICE: Governor Tarkin, we have an emergency alert in

detention block A A-twenty-three.

TARKIN: The princess! Put all sections on alert!

VADER: Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him.

TARKIN: If you're right, he must not be allowed to escape.

VADER: Escape is not his plan. I must face him alone.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- DETENTION AREA -- HALLWAY.

	An ominous buzzing sound is heard on the other side of the

	elevator door.

HAN: Chewie!

	Chewbacca responds with a growling noise.

HAN: Get behind me! Get behind me!

		 A series of explosions knock a hole in the elevator door

	through which several Imperial troops begin to emerge.

		 Han and Chewie fire laser pistols at them through the smoke

	and flame. They turn and run down the cell hallway, meeting up

	with Luke and Leia rushing toward them.

HAN: Can't get out that way.

LEIA: Looks like you managed to cut off our only escape route.

HAN: (sarcastically) Maybe you'd like it back in your cell, Your

Highness.

		 Luke takes a small comlink transmitter from his belt as

	they continue to exchange fire with stormtroopers making their

	way down the corridor.

LUKE: See-Threepio! See-Threepio!

THREEPIO: (over comlink) Yes sir?

LUKE: We've been cut off! Are there any other ways out of the cell

bay?...What was that? I didn't copy!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN BAY GANTRY -- CONTROL TOWER.

	Threepio paces the control center as little Artoo beeps and

	whistles a blue streak. Threepio yells into the small comlink

	transmitter.

THREEPIO: I said, all systems have been alerted to your presence, sir.

The main entrance seems to be the only way in or out; all other

information on your level is restricted.

		 Someone begins banging on the door.

TROOPER VOICE: Open up in there!

THREEPIO: Oh, no!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- DETENTION CORRIDOR.

	Luke and Leia crouch together in an alcove for protection as

	they continue to exchange fire with troops. Han and Chewbacca

	are barely able to keep the stormtroopers at bay at the far

	and of the hallway. The laserfire is very intense, and smoke

	fills the narrow cell corridor.

LUKE: There isn't any other way out.

HAN: I can't hold them off forever! Now what?

LEIA: This is some rescue. When you came in here, didn't you have a

plan for getting out?

HAN: (pointing to Luke) He's the brains, sweetheart.

		 Luke manages a sheepish grin and shrugs his shoulders.

LUKE: Well, I didn't...

		 The princess grabs Luke's gun and fires at a small grate in

	the wall next to Han, almost frying him.

HAN: What the hell are you doing?



LEIA: Somebody has to save our skins. Into the garbage chute, wise

guy.

		 She jumps through the narrow opening as Han and Chewbacca

	look on in amazement. Chewbacca sniffs the garbage chute and

	says something.

HAN: Get in there you big furry oaf! I don't care what you smell! Get

in there and don't worry about it.

		 Han gives him a kick and the Wookiee disappears into the

	tiny opening. Luke and Han continue firing as they work their

	way toward the opening.

HAN: Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to kill her or I'm beginning to

like her. Get in there!

		 Luke ducks laserfire as he jumps into the darkness. Han

	fires off a couple of quick blasts creating a smokey cover,

	then slides into the chute himself and is gone.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- GARBAGE ROOM.

	Han tumbles into the large room filled with garbage and muck.

	Luke is already stumbling around looking for an exit. He finds

	a small hatchway and struggles to get it open. It won't budge.

HAN: (sarcastically) Oh! The garbage chute was a really wonderful

idea. What an incredible smell you've discovered! Let's get out of

here! Get away from there...

LUKE: No! wait!

		 Han draws his laser pistol and fires at the hatch. The

	laserbolt ricochets wildly around the small metal room.

	Everyone dives for cover in the garbage as the bolt explodes

	almost on top of them. Leia climbs out of the garbage with a

	rather grim look on her face.

LUKE: Will you forget it? I already tried it. It's magnetically

sealed!

LEIA: Put that thing away! You're going to get us all killed.

HAN: Absolutely, Your Worship. Look, I had everything under control

until you led us down here. You know, it's not going to take them long

to figure out what happened to us.

LEIA: It could be worst...

		 A loud, horrible, inhuman moan works its way up from the

	murky depths. Chewbacca lets out a terrified howl and begins

	to back away. Han and Luke stand fast with their laser pistols

	drawn. The Wookiee is cowering near one of the walls.

HAN: It's worst.

LUKE: There's something alive in here!

HAN: That's your imagination.

LUKE: Something just moves past my leg! Look! Did you see that?

HAN: What?

LUKE: Help!

		 Suddenly Luke is yanked under the garbage.

HAN: Luke! Luke! Luke!

		 Solo tries to get to Luke. Luke surfaces with a gasp of air

	and thrashing of limbs. A membrane tentacle is wrapped around

	his throat.

LEIA: Luke!

		 Leia extends a long pipe toward him.

LEIA: Luke, Luke, grab a hold of this.

LUKE: Blast it, will you! My gun's jammed.

HAN: Where?

LUKE: Anywhere! Oh!!

		 Solo fires his gun downward. Luke is pulled back into the

	muck by the slimy tentacle.

HAN: Luke! Luke!

		 Suddenly the walls of the garbage receptacle shudder and

	move in a couple of inches. Then everything is deathly quiet.

	Han and Leia give each other a worried look as Chewbacca howls

	in the corner. With a rush of bubbles and muck Luke suddenly

	bobs to the surface.

LEIA: Grab him!

		 Luke seems to be released by the thing.

LEIA: What happened?

LUKE: I don't know, it just let go of me and disappeared...

HAN: I've got a very bad feeling about this.

		 Before anyone can say anything the walls begin to rumble

	and edge toward the Rebels.

LUKE: The walls are moving!

LEIA: Don't just stand there. Try to brace it with something.

		 They place poles and long metal beams between the closing

	walls, but they are simply snapped and bent as the giant

	trashmasher rumbles on. The situation doesn't look too good.

LUKE: Wait a minute!

		 Luke pulls out his comlink.

LUKE: Threepio! Come in Threepio! Threepio! Where could he be?

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN GANTRY -- COMMAND OFFICE.

	A soft buzzer and the muted voice of Luke calling out for

	See-Threepio can be heard on Threepio's hand comlink, which is

	sitting on the deserted computer console. Artoo and Threepio

	are nowhere in sight. Suddenly there is a great explosion and

	the door of the control tower flies across the floor. Four

	armed stormtroopers enter the chamber.

FIRST TROOPER: Take over! (pointing to the dead officer) See to him!

Look there!

		 A trooper pushes a button and the supply cabinet door

	slides open. See-Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are inside. Artoo

	follows his bronze companion out into the office.

THREEPIO: They're madmen! They're heading for the prison level. If you

hurry, you might catch them.

FIRST OFFICER: (to his troops) Follow me! You stand guard.

		 The troops hustle off down the hallway, leaving a guard to

	watch over the command office.

THREEPIO: (to Artoo) Come on!

		 The guard aims a blaster at them.

THREEPIO: Oh! All this excitement has overrun the circuits of my

counterpart here. If you don't mind, I'd like to take him down to

maintenance.

TROOPER: All right.

		 The guard nods and Threepio, with little Artoo in tow,

	hurries out the door.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- GARBAGE ROOM.

	As the walls rumble closed, the room gets smaller and smaller.

Chewie is whining and trying to hold a wall back with his giant paws.

Han is leaning back against the other wall. Garbage is snapping and

popping. Luke is trying to reach Threepio.

LUKE: Threepio! Come in, Threepio! Threepio!

		 Han and Leia try to brace the contracting walls with a

	pole. Leia begins to sink into the trash.

HAN: Get to the top!

LEIA: I can't 

LUKE: Where could he be? Threepio! Threepio, will you come in?

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN FORWARD BAY -- SERVICE PANEL.

THREEPIO: They aren't here! Something must have happened to them. See

if they've been captured.

		 Little Artoo carefully plugs his claw arm into a new wall

	socket and a complex array of electronic sounds spew from the

	tiny robot.

THREEPIO: Hurry!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- GARBAGE ROOM.

	The walls are only feet apart. Leia and Han are braced against

	the walls. The princess is frightened. They look at each

	other. Leia reaches out and takes Han's hand and she holds it

	tightly. She's terrified and suddenly groans as she feels the

	first crushing pressure against her body.

HAN: One thing's for sure. We're all going to be a lot thinner! (to

Leia) Get on top of it!

LEIA: I'm trying!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN FORWARD BAY -- SERVICE PANEL.

THREEPIO: (to Artoo) Thank goodness, they haven't found them! Where

could they be?

	

		 Artoo frantically beeps something to See-Threepio.

THREEPIO: Use the comlink? Oh, my! I forgot I turned it off!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- GARBAGE ROOM.

	Meanwhile, Luke is lying on his side, trying to keep his head

	above the rising ooze. Luke's comlink begins to buzz and he

	rips it off his belt.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN FORWARD BAY -- SERVICE PANEL.

	Muffled sounds of Luke's voice over the comlink can be heard,

	but not distinctly.

THREEPIO: Are you there, sir?

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- GARBAGE ROOM.

LUKE: Threepio!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN FORWARD BAY -- SERVICE PANEL.

THREEPIO: We've had some problems...

LUKE: (over comlink) Will you shut up and listen to me? Shut down all

garbage mashers on the detention level, will you? Do you copy?

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- GARBAGE ROOM.

LUKE: Shut down all the garbage mashers on the detention level.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN FORWARD BAY -- SERVICE PANEL.

LUKE: (over comlink) Shut down all the garbage mashers on the

detention level.

THREEPIO: (to Artoo) No. Shut them all down! Hurry!

		 Threepio holds his head in agony as he hears the incredible

	screaming and hollering from Luke's comlink.

THREEPIO: Listen to them! They're dying, Artoo! Curse my metal body! I

wasn't fast enough. It's all my fault! My poor master!

LUKE: (over comlink) Threepio, we're all right!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- GARBAGE ROOM.

	The screaming and hollering is the sound of joyous relief. The

	walls have stopped moving. Han, Chewie and Leia embrace in the

	background.

LUKE: We're all right. You did great.

		 Luke moves to the pressure sensitive hatch, looking for a

	number.

LUKE: Hey...hey, open the pressure maintenance hatch on unit number...

where are we?

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN FORWARD BAY -- SERVICE PANEL.

HAN: (over comlink) Three-two-six-eight-two-seven.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- TRACTOR BEAM -- POWER GENERATOR TRENCH.

	Ben enters a humming service trench that powers the huge

	tractor beam. The trench seems to be a hundred miles deep. The

	clacking sound of huge switching devices can be heard. The old

	Jedi edges his his way along a narrow ledge leading to a

	control panel that connects two large cables. He carefully

	makes several adjustments in the computer terminal, and

	several lights on the board go from red to blue.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- UNUSED HALLWAY.

	The group exits the garbage room into a dusty, unused hallway.

	Han and Luke remove the trooper suits and strap on the blaster

	belts.

HAN: If we can just avoid any more female advice, we ought to be able

to get out of here.

		 Luke smiles and scratches his head as he takes a blaster

	from Solo.

LUKE: Well, let's get moving!

		 Chewie begins growling and points to the hatch to the

	garbage room, as he runs away and then stops howling.

HAN: (to Chewie) Where are you going?

		 The Dia Nogu bangs against the hatch and a long, slimy

	tentacle works its way out of the doorway searching for a

	victim. Han aims his pistol.

LEIA: No, wait. They'll hear!

		 Han fires at the doorway. The noise of the blast echoes

	relentlessly throughout the empty passageway. Luke simply

	shakes his head in disgust.

HAN: (to Chewie) Come here, you big coward!

		 Chewie shakes his head "no."

HAN: Chewie! Come here!

LEIA: Listen. I don't know who you are, or where you came from, but

from now on, you do as I tell you. Okay?

		 Han is stunned at the command of the petite young girl.

HAN: Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get one thing straight! I take

orders from one person! Me!

LEIA: It's a wonder you're still alive. (looking at Chewie) Will

somebody get this big walking carpet out of my way?

		 Han watches her start away. He looks at Luke.

HAN: No reward is worth this.

		 They follow her, moving swiftly down the deserted corridor.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- POWER TRENCH.

	Suddenly a door behind Ben slides open and a detachment of

	stormtroopers marches to the power trench. Ben instantly slips

	into the shadows as an Officer moves to within a few feet of

	him.

OFFICER: Secure this area until the alert is canceled.

FIRST TROOPER: Give me regular reports.

		 All but two of the stormtroopers leave.

FIRST TROOPER: Do you know what's going on?

SECOND TROOPER: Maybe it's another drill.

		 Ben moves around the tractor beam, watching the

	stormtroopers as they turn their backs to him. Ben gestures

	with his hand toward them, as the troops think they hear

	something in the other hallway. With the help of the Force,

	Ben deftly slips past the troopers and into the main hallway.

SECOND TROOPER: What was that?

FIRST TROOPER: Oh, it's nothing. Don't worry about it.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- HALLWAY.

	Luke, Han, Chewbacca, and Leia run down an empty hallway and

	stop before a bay window overlooking the pirateship. Troopers

	are milling about the ship. Luke takes out his pocket comlink.

HAN: (looking at his ship) There she is.

LUKE: See-Threepio, do you copy?

THREEPIO: (voice) For the moment. Uh, we're in the main hangar across

from the ship.

LUKE: We're right above you. Stand by.

		 Han is watching the dozen or so troops moving in and out of

	the pirateship. Leia moves towards Han, touches his arm and

	points out the window to the ship.

LEIA: You came in that thing? You're braver that I thought.

HAN: Nice! Come on!

		 Han gives her a dirty look, and they start off down the

	hallway. They round a corner and run right into twenty

	Imperial stormtroopers heading toward them. Both groups are

	taken by surprise and stop in their tracks.

FIRST TROOPER: It's them! Blast them!

		 Before even thinking, Han draws his laser pistol and

	charges the troops, firing. His blaster knocks one of the

	stormtroopers into the air. Chewie follows his captain down

	the corridor, stepping over the fallen trooper on the floor.

HAN: (to Luke and Leia) Get back to the ship!

LUKE: Where are you going? Come back!

		 Han has already rounded a corner and does not hear.

LEIA: He certainly has courage.

LUKE: What good will it do us if he gets himself killed? Come on!

		 Luke is furious but doesn't have time to think about it for

	muted alarms begin to go off down on the hangar deck. Luke and

	Leia start off toward the starship hangar.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- SUBHALLWAY.

	Han chases the stormtroopers down a long subhallway. He is

	yelling and brandishing his laser pistol. The troops reach a

	dead end and are forced to turn and fight. Han stops a few

	feet from them and assumes a defensive position. The troops

	begin to raise their laser guns. Soon all ten troopers are

	moving into an attack position in front of the lone

	starpirate. Han's determined look begins to fade as the troops

	begin to advance. Solo jumps backward as they fire at him.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- SUBHALLWAY.

	Chewbacca runs down the subhallway in a last-ditch attempt to

	save his bold captain. Suddenly he hears the firing of laser

	guns and yelling. Around the corner shoots Han, pirate

	extraordinaire, running for his life, followed by a host of

	furious stormtroopers. Chewbacca turns and starts running the

	other way also.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- SUBHALLWAY.

	Luke fires his laser pistol wildly as he and Leia rush down a

	narrow subhallway, chased by several stormtroopers. They

	quickly reach the end of the subhallway and race through an

	open hatchway.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CENTRAL CORE SHAFT.

	Luke and Leia race through the hatch onto a narrow bridge that

	spans a huge, deep shaft that seems to go into infinity. The

	bridge has been retracted into the wall of the shaft, and Luke

	almost rushes into the abyss. He loses his balance off the end

	of the bridge as Leia, behind him, takes hold of his arm and

	pulls him back.

LUKE: (gasping) I think we took a wrong turn.

		 Blasts from the stormtroopers' laser guns explode nearby

	reminding them of the oncoming danger. Luke fires back at the

	advancing troops. Leia reaches over and hits a switch that

	pops the hatch door shut with a resounding boom, leaving them

	precariously perched on a short piece of bridge overhang.

	Laserfire from the troopers continues to hit the steel door.

LEIA: There's no lock!

		 Luke blasts the controls with his laser pistol.

LUKE: That oughta hold it for a while.

LEIA: Quick, we've got to get across. Find the control that extends

the bridge.

LUKE: Oh, I think I just blasted it.

		 Luke looks at the blasted bridge control while the

	stormtroopers on the opposite side of the door begin making

	ominous drilling and pounding sounds.

LEIA: They're coming through!

		 Luke notices something on his stormtrooper belt, when

	laserfire hits the wall behind him. Luke aims his laser pistol

	at a stormtrooper perched on a higher bridge overhang across

	the abyss from them. They exchange fire. Two more troops

	appear on another overhang, also firing. A trooper is hit, and

	grabs at his chest.

		 Another trooper standing on the bridge overhang is hit by

	Luke's laserfire, and plummets down the shaft. Troopers move

	back off the bridge; Luke hands the gun to Leia.

LUKE: Here, hold this.

		 Luke pulls a thin nylon cable from his trooper utility

	belt. It has a grappler hook on it. A trooper appears on a

	bridge overhang and fires at Luke and Leia. As Luke works with

	the rope, Leia returns the laser volley. Another trooper

	appears and fires at them, as Leia returns his fire as well.

	Suddenly, the hatch door begins to open, revealing the feet of

	more troops.

LEIA: Here they come!

		 Leia hits one of the stormtroopers on the bridge above, and

	he falls into the abyss. Luke tosses the rope across the gorge

	and it wraps itself around an outcropping of pipes. He tugs on

	the rope to make sure it is secure, then grabs the princess in

	his arms. Leia looks at Luke, then kisses him quickly on the

	lips. Luke is very surprised.

LEIA: For luck!

		 Luke pushes off and they swing across the treacherous abyss

	to the corresponding hatchway on the opposite side. Just as

	Luke and Leia reach the far side of the canyon, the

	stormtroopers break through the hatch and begin to fire at

	the escaping duo. Luke returns the fire before ducking into

	the tiny subhallway.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- NARROW PASSAGEWAY.

	Ben hides in the shadows of the narrow passageway as several

	stormtroopers rush past him in the main hallway. He checks to

	make sure they're gone, then runs down the hallway in the

	opposite direction. Darth Vader appears at the far end of the

	hallway and starts after the old Jedi.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN FORWARD BAY.

	Threepio looks around at the troops milling about the

	pirateship entry ramp.

THREEPIO: Where could they be?

		 Artoo, plugged into the computer socket, turns his dome

	left and right, beeping a response.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CORRIDOR -- BLAST SHIELDS DOOR.

	Han and Chewbacca run down a long corridor with several

	troopers hot on their trail.

TROOPER: Close the blast doors!

		 At the end of the hallway, blast doors begin to close in

	front of them. The young starpilot and his furry companion

	race past the huge doors just as they are closing, and manage

	to get off a couple off laserblasts at the pursuing troops

	before the doors slam shut.

TROOPER: Open the blast doors! Open the blast doors!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- HALLWAY LEADING TO MAIN FORWARD BAY.

	Ben hurries along one of the tunnels leading to the hangar

	where the pirateship waits. Just before he reaches the hangar,

	Darth Vader steps into view at the end of the tunnel, not ten

	feet away. Vader lights his saber. Ben also ignites his and

	steps slowly forward.

VADER: I've been waiting for you, Obi-Wan. We meet again, at last. The

circle is now complete.

		 Ben Kenobi moves with elegant ease into a classical

	offensive position. The fearsome Dark Knight takes a defensive

	stance.

VADER: When I left you, I was but the learner; now I am the master.

BEN: Only a master of evil, Darth.

		 The two Galactic warriors stand perfectly still for a few

	moments, sizing each other up and waiting for the right

	moment. Ben seems to be under increasing pressure and strain,

	as if an invisible weight were being placed upon him. He

	shakes his head and, blinking, tries to clear his eyes. 

		 Ben makes a sudden lunge at the huge warrior but is checked

	by a lightning movement of The Sith. A masterful slash stroke

	by Vader is blocked by the old Jedi. Another of the Jedi's

	blows is blocked, then countered. Ben moves around the Dark

	Lord and starts backing into the massive starship hangar. The

	two powerful warriors stand motionless for a few moments with

	laser swords locked in mid-air, creating a low buzzing sound.

VADER: Your powers are weak, old man.

BEN: You can't win, Darth. If you strike me down, I shall become more

powerful than you can possibly imagine.

		 Their lightsabers continue to meet in combat.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- MAIN FORWARD BAY.

	Han Solo and Chewbacca, their weapons in hand, lean back

	against the wall surveying the forward bay, watching the

	Imperial stormtroopers make their rounds of the hangar.

HAN: Didn't we just leave this party?

		 Chewbacca growls a reply, as Luke and the princess join

	them.

HAN: What kept you?

LEIA: We ran into some old friends.

LUKE: Is the ship all right?

HAN: Seems okay, if we can get to it. Just hope the old man got the

tractor beam out of commission.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- HALLWAY.

	Vader and Ben Kenobi continue their powerful duel. As they hit

	their lightsabers together, lightning flashes on impact.

	Troopers look on in interest as the old Jedi and Dark Lord of

	The Sith fight. Suddenly Luke spots the battle from his

	group's vantage point.

LUKE: Look!

		 Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie look up and see Ben and Vader

	emerging from the hallways on the far side of the docking bay.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- DOCKING BAY.

	Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are in the center of the Death Star's

	Imperial docking bay.

THREEPIO: Come on, Artoo, we're going!

		 Threepio ducks out of sight as the seven stormtroopers who

	were guarding the starship rush past them heading towards Ben

	and The Sith Knight. He pulls on Artoo.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- HALLWAY.

	Solo, Chewie, Luke, and Leia tensely watch the duel. The

	troops rush toward the battling knights.

HAN: Now's our chance! Go!

	They start for the Millennium Falcon. Ben sees the troops

	charging toward him and realizes that he is trapped. Vader

	takes advantage of Ben's momentary distraction and brings his

	mighty lightsaber down on the old man. Ben manages to deflect


	the blow and swiftly turns around.

		 The old Jedi Knight looks over his shoulder at Luke, lifts

	his sword from Vader's then watches his opponent with a serene

	look on his face.

		 Vader brings his sword down, cutting old Ben in half. Ben's

	cloak falls to the floor in two parts, but Ben is not in it.

	Vader is puzzled at Ben's disappearance and pokes at the empty

	cloak. As the guards are distracted, the adventurers and the

	robots reach the starship. Luke sees Ben cut in two and starts

	for him. Aghast, he yells out.

LUKE: No!

		 The stormtroopers turn toward Luke and begin firing at him.

	The robots are already moving up the ramp into the Millennium

	Falcon, while Luke, transfixed by anger and awe, returns their

	fire. Solo joins in the laserfire. Vader looks up and advances

	toward them, as one of his troopers is struck down.

HAN: (to Luke) Come on!

LEIA: Come on! Luke, its too late!

HAN: Blast the door! Kid!

		 Luke fires his pistol at the door control panel, and it

	explodes. The door begins to slide shut. Three troopers charge

	forward firing laser bolts, as the door slides to a close

	behind them, shutting Vader and the other troops out of the

	docking bay. A stormtrooper lies dead at the feet of his

	onrushing compatriots. Luke starts for the advancing troops,

	as Solo and Leia move up the ramp into the pirateship. He

	fires, hitting a stormtrooper, who crumbles to the floor.

BEN'S VOICE: Run, Luke! Run!

		 Luke looks around to see where the voice came from. He

	turns toward the pirateship, ducking Imperial gunfire from the

	troopers and races into the ship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	Han pulls back on the controls and the ship begins to move. The

	dull thud of laser bolts bouncing off the outside of the ship

	as Chewie adjusts his controls.

HAN: I hope the old man got that tractor beam out if commission, or

this is going to be a real short trip. Okay, hit it!

		 Chewbacca growls in agreement.

EXTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON.

	The Millennium Falcon powers away from the Death Star docking

	bay, makes a spectacular turn and disappears into the vastness

	of space.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- CENTRAL HOLD AREA.

	Luke, saddened by the loss of Obi-Wan Kenobi, stares off

	blankly as the robots look on. Leia puts a blanket around him

	protectively, and Luke turns and looks up at her. She sits

	down beside him.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	Solo spots approaching enemy ships.

HAN: (to Chewie) We're coming up on the sentry ships. Hold 'em off!

Angle the deflector shields while I charge up the main guns!

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- CENTRAL HOLD AREA.

	Luke looks downward sadly, shaking his head back and forth, as

	the princess smiles comfortingly at him.

LUKE: I can't believe he's gone.

		 Artoo-Detoo beeps a reply.

LEIA: There wasn't anything you could have done.

		 Han rushes into the hold area where Luke is sitting with

	the princess.

HAN: (to Luke) Come on, buddy, we're not out of this yet!

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORTS -- COCKPIT.

	Solo climbs into his attack position in the topside gunport.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- HOLD AREA.

	Luke gets up and moves out toward the gunports as Leia heads

	for the cockpit.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORTS -- COCKPIT.

	Luke climbs down the ladder into the gunport cockpit, settling

	into one of the two main laser cannons mounted in large

	rotating turrets on either side of the ship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- SOLO'S GUNPORT.

	Han adjusts his headset as he sits before the controls of his

	laser cannon, then speaks into the attached microphone.

HAN: (to Luke) You in, kid? Okay, stay sharp!

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORTS -- COCKPIT.

	Chewbacca and Princess Leia search the heavens for attacking

	TIE fighters. The Wookiee pulls back on the speed controls as

	the ship bounces slightly.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- SOLO'S GUNPORT -- COCKPIT.

	Computer graphic readouts form on Solo's target screen, as Han

	reaches for controls.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORT -- COCKPIT.

	Luke sits in readiness for the attack, his hand on the laser

	cannon's control button.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	Chewbacca spots the enemy ships and barks.

LEIA: (into intercom) Here they come!

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT -- POV (POINT OF VIEW) -- SPACE.

	The Imperial TIE fighters move towards the Millennium Falcon,

	one each veering off to the left and right of the pirateship.

INTERIOR: TIE FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	The stars whip past behind the Imperial pilot as he adjusts

	his maneuvering joy stick.

EXTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- IN SPACE.

	The TIE fighter races past the Falcon, firing laser beams as

	it passes.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- HOLD AREA.

	Threepio is seated in the hold area, next to Artoo-Detoo. The

	pirateship bounces and vibrates as the power goes out in the

	room and then comes back on.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT -- GUNPORTS.

	A TIE fighter maneuvers in front of Han, who follows it and

	fires at it with the laser cannon. Luke does likewise, as the


	fighter streaks into view. The ship has suffered a minor hit,

	and bounces slightly. 

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	Two TIE fighters dive down toward the pirateship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORTS.

	Luke fires at an unseen fighter.

LUKE: They're coming in too fast!

EXTERIOR: SPACE -- MILLENNIUM FALCON/TIE FIGHTERS.

	Pan with pirateship as two TIE fighters charge through the

	background. Laserbolts streak from all the craft.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- CHEWBACCA.

	The ship shudders as a laserbolt hits very close to the

	cockpit. The Wookiee chatters something to Leia.

EXTERIOR: TIE FIGHTER -- SPACE.

	Full shot of a TIE fighter as it moves fast through the frame,

	firing on the pirate starship.

EXTERIOR: SPACE -- TIE FIGHTERS.

	The two TIE fighters fire a barrage of laserbeams at the

	pirateship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- MAIN PASSAGEWAY.

	A laserbolt streaks into the side of the pirateship. The ship

	lurches violently, throwing poor Threepio into a cabinet fill

	of small computer chips.

THREEPIO: Oooh!

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT -- GUNPORTS.

	Leia watches the computer readout as Chewbacca manipulates the

	ship's controls.

LEIA: We've lost lateral controls.

HAN: Don't worry, she'll hold together.

		 An enemy laserbolt hits the pirateship's control panel,

	causing it to blow out in a shower of sparks.

HAN: (to ship) You hear me, baby? Hold together!

		 Artoo-Detoo advances toward the smoking sparking control

	panel, dousing the inferno by spraying it with fire retardant

	beeping all the while.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORT.

	Luke swivels in his gun mount, following the TIE fighter with

	his laser cannon.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORT.

	Solo aims his laser cannon at the enemy fighter.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	A TIE fighter streaks in front of the starship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	Leia watches the TIE fighter ship fly over.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	A TIE fighter heads right for the pirateship, then zooms

	overhead.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORTS.

	Luke follows the TIE fighter across his field of view, firing

	laserbeams from his cannon.

EXTERIOR: TIE FIGHTER.

	A TIE fighter dives past the pirateship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORTS.

	Luke fires at a TIE fighter. At his port, Han follows a

	fighter in his sights, releasing a blast of laserfire. He

	connects, and the fighter explodes into fiery dust. Han laughs

	victoriously.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	Two TIE fighters move toward and over the Millennium Falcon,

	unleashing a barrage of laserbolts at the ship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORTS.

	Another TIE fighter moves in on the pirateship and Luke,

	smiling, fires the laser cannon at it, scoring a spectacular

	direct hit.

LUKE: Got him! I got him!

		 Han turns and gives Luke a victory wave which Luke

	gleefully returns.

HAN: Great kid! Don't get cocky.

		 Han turns back to his laser cannon.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	Two more TIE fighters cross in front of the pirateship.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT

	While Chewbacca manipulates the controls, Leia turns, looking

	over her shoulder out the ports.

LEIA: There are still two more of them out there!

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	A TIE fighter moves up over the pirateship, firing laserblasts

	at it.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORTS.

	Luke and Han look into their respective projected target

	screens. An Imperial fighter crosses Solo's port, and Han

	swivels in his chair, following it with blasts from his laser

	cannon. Another fighter crosses Luke's port, and he reacts in

	a like manner, the glow of his target screen lighting his

	face.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The TIE fighter zooms toward the pirateship, firing

	destructive blasts at it.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORTS.

	Luke fires a laserblast at the approaching enemy fighter, and

	it bursts into a spectacular explosion. Luke's projected

	screen gives a readout of the hit. The pirateship bounces

	slightly as it is struck by the enemy fire.

EXTERIOR: SPACE -- TIE FIGHTER.

	The last of the attacking Imperial TIE fighters looms in,

	firing upon the Falcon.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- GUNPORT.

	Solo swivels behind his cannon, his aim describing the arc of

	the TIE fighter. The fighter comes closer, firing at the

	pirateship, but a well-aimed blast from Solo's laser cannon

	hits the attacker, which blows up in a small atomic shower of

	burning fragments.

LUKE: (laughing) That's it! We did it!

		 The princess jumps up and gives Chewie a congratulatory

	hug.

LEIA: We did it!

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- PASSAGEWAY.

	Threepio lies on the floor of the ship, completely tangled in

	the smoking, sparking wires.

THREEPIO: Help! I think I'm melting! (to Artoo) This is all your

fault.

		 Artoo turns his dome from side to side, beeping in

	response.

EXTERIOR: SPACE -- MILLENNIUM FALCON.

	The victorious Millennium Falcon moves off majestically

	through space.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONTROL ROOM.

	Darth Vader strides into the control room, where Tarkin is

	watching the huge view screen. A sea of stars is before him.

TARKIN: Are they away?

VADER: They have just made the jump into hyperspace.

TARKIN: You're sure the homing beacon is secure aboard their ship? I'm

taking an awful risk, Vader. This had better work.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	Han, removes his gloves and smiling, is at the controls of the

	ship. Chewie moves into the aft section to check the damage.

	Leia is seated near Han.

HAN: Not a bad bit of rescuing, huh? You know, sometimes I even amaze

myself.

LEIA: That doesn't sound too hard. Besides, they let us go. It's the

only explanation for the ease of our escape.

HAN: Easy...you call that easy?

LEIA: Their tracking us!

HAN: Not this ship, sister.

		 Frustrated, Leia shakes her head.

LEIA: At least the information in Artoo is still intact.

HAN: What's so important? What's he carrying?

LEIA: The technical readouts of that battle station. I only hope that

when the data is analyzed, a weakness can be found. It's not over yet!

HAN: It is for me, sister! Look, I ain't in this for your revolution,

and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in

it for the money!

LEIA: You needn't worry about your reward. If money is all that you

love, then that's what you'll receive!

		 She angrily turns, and as she starts out of the cockpit,

	passes Luke coming in.

LEIA: Your friend is quite a mercenary. I wonder if he really cares

about anything...or anyone.

LUKE: I care!

		 Luke, shaking his head, sits in the copilot seat. He and

	Han stare out at the vast blackness of space.

LUKE: So...what do you think of her, Han?

HAN: I'm trying not to, kid!

LUKE: (under his breath) Good...

HAN: Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I don't know, what do you


think? Do you think a princess and a guy like me...

LUKE: No!

		 Luke says it with finality and looks away. Han smiles at

	young Luke's jealousy.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN.

	The battered pirateship drifts into orbit around the planet

	Yavin and proceeds to one of its tiny green moons.

EXTERIOR: FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN.

	The pirateship soars over the dense jungle.

EXTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST.

	An alert guard, his laser gun in hand, scans the countryside.

	He sets the gun down and looks toward the temple, barely

	visible in the foliage.

EXTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- JUNGLE TEMPLE.

	Rotting in a forest of gargantuan trees, an ancient temple

	lies shrouded in an eerie mist. The air is heavy with the

	fantastic cries of unimaginable creatures. Han, Luke and the

	others are greeted by the Rebel troops.

		 Luke and the group ride into the massive temple on an

	armored military speeder.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI -- MAIN HANGAR DECK.

	The military speeder stops in a huge spaceship hangar, set up

	in the interior of the crumbling temple. Willard, the

	commander of the Rebel forces, rushes up to the group and

	gives Leia a big hug. Every one is pleased to see her.

WILLARD: (holding Leia) You're safe! We had feared the worst.

		 Willard composes himself, steps back and bows formally.

WILLARD: When we heard about Alderaan, we were afraid that you were...

lost along with your father.

LEIA: We don't have time for our sorrows, Commander. The battle

station has surely tracked us here (looking pointedly to Han). It's

the only explanation for the ease of our escape. You must use the

information in this R2 unit to plan the attack. It is our only hope.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The surface of the Death Star ominously approaches the red

	planet Yavin.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONTROL ROOM.

	Grand Moff Tarkin and Lord Vader are interrupted in their

	discussion by the buzz of the comlink. Tarkin moves to answer

	the call.

TARKIN: Yes.

DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE: We are approaching the planet Yavin. The

Rebel base is on a moon on the far side. We are preparing to orbit the

planet.

EXTERIOR: YAVIN -- JUNGLE.

	A lone guard stands in a tower high above the Yavin landscape,

	surveying the countryside. A mist hangs over the jungle of

	twisted green.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI -- WAR ROOM BRIEFING AREA.

	Dodonna stands before a large electronic wall display. Leia

	and several other senators are to one side of the giant

	readout. The low-ceilinged room is filled with starpilots,

	navigators, and a sprinkling of R2-type robots. Everyone is

	listening intently to what Dodonna is saying. Han and

	Chewbacca are standing near the back.

DODONNA: The battle station is heavily shielded and carries a

firepower greater than half the star fleet. It's defenses are designed

around a direct large-scale assault. A small one-man fighter should be

able to penetrate the outer defense.

		 Gold Leader, a rough looking man in his early thirties,

	stands and addresses Dodonna.

GOLD LEADER: Pardon me for asking, sir, but what good are snub

fighters going to be against that?

DODONNA: Well, the Empire doesn't consider a small one-man fighter to

be any threat, or they'd have a tighter defense. An analysis of the

plans provided by Princess Leia has demonstrated a weakness in the

battle station.

		 Artoo-Detoo stands next to a similar robot, makes beeping

	sounds, and turns his head from right to left.

DODONNA: The approach will not be easy. You are required to maneuver

straight down this trench and skim the surface to this point. The

target area is only two meters wide. It's a small thermal exhaust

port, right below the main port. The shaft leads directly to the

reactor system. A precise hit will start a chain reaction which should

destroy the station.

		 A murmer of disbelief runs through the room.

DODONNA: Only a precise hit will set up a chain reaction. The shaft is

ray-shielded, so you'll have to use proton torpedoes.

		 Luke is sitting next to Wedge Antilles, a hotshot pilot

	about sixteen years old.

WEDGE: That's impossible, even for a computer.

LUKE: It's not impossible. I used to bull's-eye womp rats in my

T-sixteen back home. They're not much bigger than two meters.

DODONNA: Man your ships! And may the Force be with you!

		 The group rises and begins to leave.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The Death Star begins to move around the planet toward the

	tiny green moon.


INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Tarkin and Vader watch the computer projected screen with

	interest, as a circle of lights intertwines around one another

	on the screen showing it's position in relation to Yavin and

	the forth moon.

DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE: Orbiting the planet at maximum velocity.

The moon with the Rebel base will be in range in thirty minutes.

VADER: This will be a day long remembered. It has seen the end of

Kenobi and it will soon see the end of the Rebellion.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- MAIN HANGAR DECK.

	Luke, Threepio and little Artoo enter the huge spaceship

	hangar and hurry along a long line of gleaming spacefighters.

	Flight crews rush around loading last-minute armaments and

	unlocking power couplings. In an area isolated from this

	activity Luke finds Han and Chewbacca loading small boxes onto

	an armored speeder.

MAN'S VOICE: (over loudspeaker) All flight trooper, man your stations.

All flight troops, man your stations.

		 Han is deliberately ignoring the activity of the fighter

	pilots' preparation. Luke is quite saddened at the sight of

	his friend's departure.

LUKE: So...you got your reward and you're just leaving then?

HAN: That's right, yeah! I got some old debts I've got to pay off with

this stuff. Even if I didn't, you don't think I'd be fool enough to

stick around here, do you? Why don't you come with us? You're pretty

good in a fight. I could use you.

LUKE: (getting angry) Come on! Why don't you take a look around? You

know what's about to happen, what they're up against. They could use a

good pilot like you. You're turning your back on them.

HAN: What good's a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides,

attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like

suicide.

LUKE: All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's

what you're best at, isn't it?

		 Luke goes off and Han hesitates, then calls to him.

HAN: Hey, Luke...may the Force be with you!

		 Luke turns and sees Han wink at him. Luke lifts his hand in

	a small wave and then goes off. 

		 Han turns to Chewie who growls at his captain,

HAN: What're you lookin' at? I know what I'm doing.

INTERIOR: MAIN HANGAR DECK -- LUKE'S SHIP.

	Luke, Leia, and Dodonna meet under a huge space fighter.

LEIA: What's wrong?

LUKE: Oh, it's Han! I don't know, I really thought he'd change his

mind. 

LEIA: He's got to follow his own path. No one can choose it for him.

LUKE: I only wish Ben were here.

		 Leia gives Luke a little kiss, turns, and goes off. As Luke

	heads for his ship, another pilot rushes up to him and grabs

	his arm.

BIGGS: Luke! I don't believe it! How'd you get here...are you going

out with us?!

LUKE: Biggs! Of course, I'll be up there with you! Listen, have I got

some stories to tell...

		 Red Leader, a rugged handsome man in his forties, comes up

	behind Luke and Biggs. He has the confident smile of a born

	leader.

RED LEADER: Are you...Luke Skywalker? Have you been checked out on the

Incom T-sixty-five?

BIGGS: Sir, Luke is the best bushpilot in the outer rim territories.

		 Red Leader pats Luke on the back as they stop in front of

	his fighter.

RED LEADER: I met your father once when I was just a boy, he was a

great pilot. You'll do all right. If you've got half of your father's

skill, you'll do better than all right.

LUKE: Thank you, sir. I'll try.

		 Red Leader hurries to his own ship.


BIGGS: I've got to get aboard. Listen, you'll tell me your stories

when we come back. All right?

LUKE: I told you I'd make it someday, Biggs.

BIGGS: (going off) You did, all right. It's going to be like old

times, Luke. We're a couple of shooting stars that'll never be

stopped!

		 Luke laughs and shakes his head in agreement. He heads for

	his ship.

		 As Luke begins to climb up the ladder into his sleek,

	deadly spaceship, the crew chief, who is working on the craft,

	points to little Artoo, who is being hoisted into a socket on

	the back of the fighter.

CHIEF: This R2 unit of your seems a bit beat up. Do you want a new

one?

LUKE: Not on your life! That little droid and I have been through a

lot together. (to Artoo) You okay, Artoo?

		 The crewmen lower Artoo-Detoo into the craft. Now a part of

	the exterior shell of the starship, the little droid beeps

	that he is fine.

		 Luke climbs up into the cockpit of his fighter and puts an

	his helmet. Threepio looks on from the floor of the massive

	hangar as the crewmen secure his little electronic partner

	into Luke's X-wing. It's an emotional-filled moment as Artoo

	beeps good-bye.

CHIEF: Okay, easy she goes!

THREEPIO: Hang on tight,Artoo, you've got to come back.

		 Artoo beeps in agreement.

THREEPIO: You wouldn't want my life to get boring, would you?

		 Artoo whistles his reply.

		 All final preparations are made for the approaching battle.

	The hangar is buzzing with the last minute activity as the

	pilots and crewmen alike make their final adjustments. The hum

	of activity is occasionally trespassed by the distorted voice

	of the loudspeaker issuing commands. Coupling hoses are


	disconnected from the ships as they are fueled. Cockpit

	shields roll smoothly into place over each pilot. A signalman,

	holding red guiding lights, directs the ships. Luke, a trace

	of a smile gracing his lips, peers about through his goggles.

BEN'S VOICE: Luke, the Force will be with you.

		 Luke is confused at the voice and taps his headphones.

EXTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- JUNGLE.

	All that can be seen of the fortress is a lone guard standing

	on a small pedestal jutting out above the dense jungle. The

	muted gruesome crying sounds that naturally permeate this

	eerie purgatory are overwhelmed by the thundering din of ion

	rockets as four silver starships catapult from the foliage in

	a tight formation and disappears into the morning cloud cover.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	The princess, Threepio, and a field commander sit quietly

	before the giant display showing the planet Yavin and its four

	moons. The red dot that represents the Death Star moves ever

	closer to the system. A series of green dots appear around the


	fourth moon. A din of indistinct chatter fills the war room.

MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE: Stand-by alert. Death Star approaching.

Estimated time to firing range, fifteen minutes.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The Death Star slowly moves behind the massive yellow surface

	of Yavin in the foreground, as many X-wing fighters flying in

	formation zoom toward us and out of the frame.

EXTERIOR: SPACE -- ANOTHER ANGLE.

	Light from a distant sun creates an eerie atmospheric glow

	around a huge planet, Yavin. Rebel fighters flying in

	formation settle ominously in the foreground and very slowly

	pull away.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER STARSHIP -- COCKPIT.

	Red Leader lowers his visor and adjusts his gun sights,

	looking to each side at his wing men.

RED LEADER: All wings report in.

INTERIOR: ANOTHER COCKPIT.

	One of the Rebel fighters checks in through his mike.

RED TEN: Red Ten standing by.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT.

	Biggs checks his fighter's controls, alert and ready for

	combat.

RED SEVEN: (over Biggs' headset) Red Seven standing by.

BIGGS: Red Three standing by.

INTERIOR: PORKINS' COCKPIT.

PORKINS: Red Six standing by.

RED NINE: (over headset) Red Nine standing by.

INTERIOR: WEDGE'S FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

WEDGE: Red Two standing by.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

RED ELEVEN: (over headset) Red Eleven standing by.

LUKE: Red Five standing by.

EXTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

	Artoo-Detoo, in position outside of the fighter, turns his

	head from side to side and makes beeping sounds.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

RED LEADER: Lock S-foils in attack position.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The group of X-wing fighters move in formation toward the

	Death Star, unfolding the wings and locking them in the "X"

	position.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT

READ LEADER: (over headset) We're passing through their magnetic

field.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

RED LEADER: Hold tight!

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke adjusts his controls as he concentrates on the

	approaching Death Star. The ship begins to be buffeted

	slightly.

RED LEADER: (over headset) Switch your deflectors on.

INTERIOR: ANOTHER COCKPIT.

RED LEADER: (over headset) Double front!

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The fighters, now X-shaped darts, move in formation. The Death

	Star now appears to be a small moon growing rapidly in size as

	the Rebel fighters approach. Complex patterns on the metallic

	surface begin to become visible. A large dish antenna is built

	into the surface on one side.

INTERIOR: WEDGE'S COCKPIT.

	Wedge is amazed and slightly frightened at the awesome

	spectacle.

WEDGE: Look at the size of that thing!

RED LEADER: (over headset) Cut the chatter, Red Two.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

RED LEADER: Accelerate to attack speed. This is it, boys!

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	As the fighters move closer to the Death Star, the awesome

	size of the gargantuan Imperial fortress is revealed. Half of

	the deadly space station is in shadow and this area sparkles

	with thousands of small lights running in thin lines and

	occasionally grouped in large clusters; somewhat like a city

	at night as seen from a weather satellite.

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S COCKPIT.

GOLD LEADER: Red Leader, this is Gold Leader.

RED LEADER: (over headset) I copy, Gold Leader.

GOLD LEADER: We're starting for the target shaft now.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

	Red Leader looks around at his wingmen; the Death Star looming


	in from behind. Two Y-wing fighters bob back and forth in the

	background. He moves his computer targeting device into

	position.

RED LEADER: We're in position. I'm going to cut across the axis and

try and draw their fire.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	Two squads of Rebel fighters peel off. The X-wings dive

	towards the Death Star surface. A thousand lights glow across

	the dark grey expanse of the huge station.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Alarm sirens scream as soldiers scramble to large turbo-

	powered laser gun emplacements. Electronic drivers rotate the

	huge guns into position as crew adjust their targeting

	devices.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Laserbolts streak through the star-filled night. The Rebel

	X-wing fighters move in toward the Imperial base, as the Death

	Star aims its massive laser guns at the Rebel forces and

	fires.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Princess Leia listens to the battle over the intercom.

	Threepio is at her side.

WEDGE: (over war room speaker system) Heavy fire, boss! Twenty-degrees.

RED LEADER: (over speaker) I see it. Stay low.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	An X-wing zooms across the surface of the Death Star.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Technical crews scurry here and there loading last-minute

	armaments and unlocking power cables.

INTERIOR: WEDGE'S COCKPIT.

	Wedge maneuvers his fighter toward the menacing Death Star.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	X-wings continue in their attack course on the Death Star.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke nosedives radically, starting his attack on the monstrous

	fortress. The Death Star surface streaks past the cockpit

	window.

LUKE: This is Red Five; I'm going in!

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	Luke's X-wing races toward the Death Star. Laserbolts streak

	from Luke's weapons, creating a huge fireball explosion on the

	dim surface.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Terror crosses Luke's face as he realizes he won't be able to

	pull out in time to avoid the fireball.

BIGGS: (over headset) Luke, pull up!

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF DEATH STAR.

	Luke's ship emerges from the fireball, with the leading edges

	of his wings slightly scorched.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT.

BIGGS: Are you all right?

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke adjusts his controls and breathes a sigh of relief. Flak

	bursts outside the cockpit window.

LUKE: I got a little cooked, but I'm okay.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Rebel fighters continue to strafe the Death Star's surface

	with laserbolts.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Walls buckle and cave in. Troops and equipment are blown in

	all directions. Stormtroopers stagger out of the rubble.

	Standing in the middle of the chaos, a vision of calm and

	foreboding, is Darth Vader. One of his Astro-Officers rushes

	up to him.

ASTRO-OFFICER: We count thirty Rebel ships, Lord Vader. But they're so

small they're evading our turbo-lasers!

VADER: We'll have to destroy them ship to ship. Get the crews to their

fighters.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Smoke belches from the giant laser guns as they wind up their

	turbine generators to create sufficient power. The crew rushes

	about preparing for another blast. Even the troopers head gear

	is not adequate to protect them from the overwhelming noise of

	the monstrous weapon. One troopers bangs his helmet with his

	hand in an attempt to stop the ringing.

INTERIOR: READ LEADER'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	Red Leader flies through a heavy hail of flak.

RED LEADER: Luke, let me know when you're going in.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	The Red Leader's X-wing flies past Luke as he puts his nose

	down and starts his attack dive.

LUKE: I'm on my way in now...

RED LEADER: Watch yourself! There's a lot of fire coming from the

right side of that deflection tower.

LUKE: I'm on it.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Luke flings his X-wing into a twisting dive across the horizon

	and down onto the dim grey surface.

EXTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING TRAVELING.

	A shot hurls from Luke's guns. Laserbolts streak toward the

	onrushing Death Star surface. Several small radar emplacements

	erupt in flame. Laserfire erupts from a protruding tower on

	the surface.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	The blurry Death Star surface races past the cockpit window as

	a big smile sweeps across Luke's face at the success of his

	run. Flak thunders on all sides of him.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	The Death Star superstructure races past Luke as he maneuvers

	his craft through a wall of laserfire and peels away from the

	surface towards the heavens.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	The thunder and smoke of the big guns reverberate throughout

	the massive structure. Many soldiers rush about in the smoke

	and chaos, silhouetted by the almost continual flash of

	explosions.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	Biggs dives through a forest of radar domes, antennae, and gun

	towers as he shoots low across the Death Star surface. A dense

	barrage of laserfire streaks by on all sides.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Imperial star pilots dash in unison to a line of small

	auxiliary hatches that lead to Imperial TIE fighters.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Princess Leia, surrounded by her generals and aides, paces

	nervously before a lighted computer table. On all sides

	technicians work in front of many lighted glass walls. Dodonna

	watches quietly from one corner. One of the officers working


	over a screen speaks into his headset.

CONTROL OFFICER: Squad leaders, we've picked up a new group of

signals. Enemy fighters coming your way.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	Luke looks around to see if he can spot the approaching

	Imperial fighters.

LUKE: My scope's negative. I don't see anything.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S X-WING -- COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	The Death Star's surface sweeps past as Red Leader searches

	the sky for the Imperial fighters. Flak pounds at his ship.

RED LEADER: Keep up your visual scanning. With all this jamming,

they'll be on top of you before your scope can pick them up.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Silhouetted against the rim lights of the Death Star horizon,

	four ferocious Imperial TIE ships dive on the Rebel fighters.

	Two of the TIE fighters peel off and drop out of frame. Pan

	with the remaining two TIE ships.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	Biggs panics when he discovers a TIE ship on his tail. The

	horizon in the background twists around as he peels off,

	hoping to lose the Imperial fighter.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

RED LEADER: Biggs! You've picked one up...watch it!

BIGGS: I can't see it! Where is he?!

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Biggs zooms off the surface and into space, closely followed

	by an Imperial TIE fighter. The TIE ship fires several

	laserbolts at Biggs, but misses.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	Biggs see the TIE ship behind him and swings around, trying to

	avoid him.

BIGGS: He's on me tight, I can't shake him...I can't shake him.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Biggs, flying at high altitude, peels off and dives toward the

	Death Star surface, but he is unable to lose the TIE fighter,

	who sticks close to his tail.

INTERIOR: X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	Luke is flying upside down. He rotates his ship around to

	normal attitude as he comes out of his dive.

LUKE: Hang on, Biggs, I'm coming in.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Biggs and the tailing TIE ship dive for the surface, now

	followed by a fast-gaining Luke. After Biggs dives out of

	sight, Luke chases the Imperial fighter.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	In the foreground, the Imperial fighter races across the Death

	Star's surface, closely followed by Luke in the background.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	There is a shot from Luke's X-wing of the TIE ship exploding

	in a mass of flames.

LUKE: Got him!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Darth Vader strides purposefully down a Death Star corridor,

	flanked by Imperial stormtroopers.

VADER: Several fighters have broken off from the main group. Come with

me!

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	A concerned Princess Leia, Threepio, Dodonna, and other

	officers of the Rebellion stand around the huge round readout

	screen, listening to the ship-to-ship communication on the

	room's loudspeaker.

BIGGS: (over speaker) Pull in! Luke...pull in!

WEDGE: (over speaker) Watch your back, Luke!

INTERIOR LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

WEDGE: (over headset) Watch your back! Fighter's above you, coming in!

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	Luke's ship soars away from the Death Star's surface as he

	spots the tailing TIE fighter.

INTERIOR: TIE FIGHTER'S COCKPIT.

	The TIE pilot takes aim at Luke's X-wing.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The Imperial TIE fighter pilot scores a hit on Luke's ship.

	Fire breaks out on the right side of the X-wing.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks out of his cockpit at the flames on his ship.

LUKE: I'm hit, but not bad.

EXTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER.

	Smoke pours out from behind Artoo-Detoo.

LUKE'S VOICE: Artoo, see what you can do with it. Hang on back there.

	Green laserfire moves past the beeping little robot as his

	head turns.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Luke nervously works his controls.

RED LEADER: (over headset) Red Six...

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	In the war room, Leia stands frozen as she listens and worries

	about Luke.

RED LEADER: (over speaker) Can you see Red Five?

RED TEN: (over speaker) There's a heavy fire zone on this side. Red

Five, where are you?

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Luke spots the TIE fighter behind him and soars away from the

	Death Star surface.

LUKE: I can't shake him!

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Luke's ship soars closer to the surface of the Death Star, an

	Imperial TIE fighter closing in on him in hot pursuit.

INTERIOR: WEDGE'S COCKPIT.

	The Death Star whips below Wedge.

WEDGE: I'm on him, Luke!

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

WEDGE: (over headset) Hold on!

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Wedge dives across the horizon toward Luke and the TIE

	fighter.

INTERIOR: WEDGE'S COCKPIT.

	Wedge moves his X-wing in rapidly.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Luke reacts frantically.

LUKE: Blast it! Wedge where are you?

INTERIOR: TIE FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	The fighter pilot watches Wedge's X-wing approach. Another

	X-wing joins him, and both unleash a volley of laserfire on

	the Imperial fighter.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The TIE fighter explodes, filling the screen with white light.

	Luke's ship can be seen far in the distance.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks about in relief.

LUKE: Thanks, Wedge.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Leia, Threepio, Dodonna and other Rebel officers are listening

	to the Rebel Fighter's radio transmissions over the war room

	intercom.

BIGGS: (over speaker) Good shooting, Wedge!

GOLD LEADER: (over speaker) Red Leader...

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Gold Leader peels off and starts toward the long trenches at

	the Death Star surface pole.

GOLD LEADER: This is Gold Leader. We're starting out attack run.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Three Y-wing fighters of the Gold group dive out of the stars

	toward the Death Star surface.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Leia and the others are grouped around the screen, as

	technicians move about attending to their duties.

RED LEADER: (over speaker) I copy, Gold Leader. Move into position.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Three Imperial TIE ships in precise formation dive toward the

	Death Star surface.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Darth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the stars whip

	past in the window above his head.

VADER: Stay in attack formation!

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Technicians are seated at the computer readout table.

GOLD LEADER: (over speaker) The exhaust post is...

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

GOLD LEADER: ...marked and locked in!

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Gold Leader approaches the surface and pulls out to skim the

	surface of the huge station. The ship moves into a deep

	trench, firing laserbolts. The surface streaks past as

	laserfire is returned by the Death Star.

INTERIOR: GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT -- TRAVELING.

	Gold Five is a pilot in his early fifties with a very battered

	helmet that looks like it's been through many battles. He

	looks around to see if enemy ships are near. His fighter is

	buffeted by Imperial flak.

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Gold Leader races down the enormous trench that leads to the

	exhaust port. Laserbolts blast toward him in increasing

	numbers, occasionally exploding near the ship causing it to

	bounce about.

GOLD LEADER: Switch power to front deflector screens.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Three Y-wing skim the Death Star surface deep in the trench,

	as laserbolts streak past on all sides.

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR SURFACE -- GUN EMPLACEMENTS.

	An exterior surface gun blazes away at the oncoming Rebel

	fighters.

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

GOLD LEADER: How many guns do you think, Gold Five.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

GOLD FIVE: (over speaker) I'd say about twenty guns. Some on the

surface, some on the towers.

		 Leia, Threepio, and the technicians view the projected

	target screen, as red and blue target lights glow. The red

	target near the center blinks on and off.

MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE: (over speaker) Death Star will be in range in

five minutes. 

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

		 The three Y-wing fighters race toward camera and zoom

	overhead through a hail of laserfire.

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

		 Gold Leader pulls his computer targeting device down in

	front of his eye. Laserbolts continue to batter the Rebel

	craft.

GOLD LEADER: Switching to targeting computer.

INTERIOR: GOLD TWO'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

		 Gold Two, a younger pilot about Luke's age, pulls down his

	targeting eye viewer and adjusts it. His ship shudders under

	intense laser barrage.

GOLD TWO: Computer's locked. Getting a signal.

		 As the fighters begin to approach the target area, suddenly

	all the laserfire stops. An eerie clam clings over the trench

	as the surface whips past in a blur.

GOLD TWO: The guns...they've stopped!

EXTERIOR: GOLD FIVE'S COCKPIT.

	Gold Five looks behind him.

GOLD FIVE: Stabilize your read deflectors. Watch for enemy fighters.

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

GOLD LEADER: They've coming in! Three marks at two ten.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Three Imperial TIE ships, Darth Vader in the center flanked by

	two wingmen, dive in precise formation almost vertically

	toward the Death Star surface.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Darth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the stars zoom

	by.

VADER: I'll take them myself! Cover me!

WINGMAN'S VOICE: (over speaker) Yes, sir.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Three TIE fighters zoom across the surface of the Death Star.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader lines up Gold Two in his targeting computer. Vader's

	hands grip the control stick as he presses the button.

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT

	The cockpit explodes around Gold Two. His head falls forward.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	As Gold Two's ship explodes, debris is flung out into space.

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Gold Leader looks over his shoulder at the scene.

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR TRENCH.

	The three TIE fighters race along in the trench in a tight

	formation.

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Gold Leader panics.

GOLD LEADER: (into mike) I can't maneuver!

INTERIOR: GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Gold Five, the old veteran, trys to calm Gold Leader.

GOLD FIVE: Stay on target.

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

	The Death Star races by outside the cockpit window as he

	adjusts his targeting device.

GOLD LEADER: We're too close.

INTERIOR: GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

	The older pilot remains calm.

GOLD FIVE: Stay on target!

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Now he's really panicked.

GOLD LEADER: Loosen up!

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader calmly adjusts his targeting computer and pushes the

	fire button.

INTERIOR: GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Gold Leader's ship is hit by Vader's laser.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Gold Leader explodes in a ball of flames, throwing debris in

	all directions.

INTERIOR: GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Gold Five moves in on the exhaust port.

GOLD FIVE: Gold Five to Red Leader...

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks over his shoulder at the action outside of his

	cockpit.

GOLD FIVE: (over headset) Lost Tiree, lost Dutch.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

RED LEADER: I copy, Gold Five.

INTERIOR: GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING -- COCKPIT.

GOLD FIVE: They came from behind....

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	One of the engines explodes on Gold Five's Y-wing fighter,

	blazing out of control. He dives past the horizon toward the

	Death Star's surface, passing a TIE fighter during his

	descent. Gold Five, a veteran of countless campaigns, spins

	toward his death.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks nervously about him at the explosive battle.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONTROL ROOM.

	Grant Moff Tarkin and a Chief Officer stand in the Death

	Star's control room.

OFFICER: We've analyzed their attack, sir, and there is a danger.

Should I have your ship standing by?

TARKIN: Evacuate? In out moment of triumph? I think you overestimate

their chances!

		 Tarkin turns to the computer readout screen. Flames move

	around the green disk at the center of the screen, as numbers

	read across the bottom.

VOICE: (over speaker) Rebel base, three minutes and closing.

INTERIOR: READ LEADER'S COCKPIT.

	Red Leader looks over at his wingmen.

RED LEADER: Red Group, this is Red Leader.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Dodonna moves to the intercom as he fiddles with the computer

	keys.

RED LEADER: (over speaker) Rendezvous at mark six point one.

WEDGE: (over speaker) This is Red Two. Flying toward you.

BIGGS: (over speaker) Red Three, standing by.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT:

DODONNA: (over headset) Red Leader, this is Base One. Keep half your

group out of range for the next run.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

RED LEADER'S VOICE: (over headset) Copy, Base One. Luke, take Red Two

and Three. Hold up here and wait for my signal...to start your run.

		 Luke nods his head.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	The X-wing fighters of Luke, Biggs, and Wedge fly in formation

	high above the Death Star's surface.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke peers out from his cockpit.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Two X-wings move across the surface of the Death Star. Red

	Leader's X-wing drops down to the surface leading to the

	exhaust port.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

	Red Leader looks around to watch for the TIE fighters. He

	begins to perspire.

RED LEADER: This is it!

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	Red Leader roams down the trench of the Death Star as lasers

	streak across the black heavens.

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR SURFACE -- GUN EMPLACEMENTS.

	A huge remote-control laser cannon fires at the approaching

	Rebel fighters.

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR TRENCH.

	The Rebel fighters evade the Imperial laser blasts.

INTERIOR: RED TEN'S COCKPIT.

	Red Ten looks around for the Imperial fighters.


RED TEN: We should be able to see it by now.

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR TRENCH.

	From the cockpits of the Rebel pilots, the surface of the

	Death Star streaks by, with Imperial laserfire shooting toward

	them.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

RED LEADER: Keep your eyes open for those fighters!

INTERIOR: RED TEN'S COCKPIT.

RED TEN: There's too much interference!

EXTERIOR: SPACE -- DEATH STAR TRENCH.



	Three X-wing fighters move in formation down the Death Star

	trench.

RED TEN'S VOICE: Red Five, can you see them from where you are?

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks down at the Death Star surface below.

LUKE: No sign of any...wait!

INTERIOR: RED TEN'S COCKPIT.

	Red Ten looks up and sees the Imperial fighters.

LUKE: (over headset) Coming in point three five.

RED TEN: I see them.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Three TIE fighters, Vader flanked by two wingmen, dive in a

	tight formation. The sun reflects off their dominate solar

	fins as they loop toward the Death Star's surface.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

	Red Leader pulls his targeting device in front of his eyes and

	makes several adjustments.

RED LEADER: I'm in range.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Red Leader's X-wing moves up the Death Star trench.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

RED LEADER: Target's coming up!

		 Red Leader looks at his computer target readout screen. He

	then looks into his targeting device.

RED LEADER: Just hold them off for a few seconds.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader adjusts his control lever and dives on the X-wing

	fighters.

VADER: Close up formation.

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR TRENCH.

	The three TIE fighters move in formation across the Death Star

	surface.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

		 Red Leader lines up his target on the targeting device

	cross hairs.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Vader and his wingmen zoom down the trench.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader rapidly approaches the two X-wings of Red Ten and Red

	Twelve. Vader's laser cannon flashes below the view of the

	front porthole. the X-wings show in the center of Vader's

	computer screen.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	Red Twelve's X-wing fighter is hit by Vader's laserfire, and

	it explodes into flames against the trench.

INTERIOR: RED TEN'S COCKPIT.

	Red Ten works at his controls furiously, trying to avoid

	Vader's fighter behind him.

RED TEN: You'd better let her loose.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

	Red Leader is concentrating on his targeting device.

RED LEADER: Almost there!

INTERIOR: RED TEN'S COCKPIT.

	Red Ten panics.

RED TEN: I can't hold them!

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Vader and his wingmen whip through the trench in pursuit of

	the Rebel fighters.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader cooly pushes the fire button on his control stick.

INTERIOR: RED TEN'S COCKPIT.

	Darth Vader's well-aimed laserfire proves to be unavoidable,

	and strikes Red Ten's ship. Red Ten screams in anguish and

	pain.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.  

	Red Ten's ship explodes and bursts into flames.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

	Grimly, Red Leader takes careful aim and watches his computer

	targeting device, which shows the target lined up in the cross

	hairs, and fires.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

RED LEADER: It's away!

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.   

	An armed Imperial stormtrooper is knocked to the floor from

	the attack explosion. Other troopers scurrying about the

	corridors are knocked against the wall and lose their balance.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Leia and the others stare at the computer screen.

RED NINE'S VOICE: (over speaker) It's a hit!

RED LEADER: (over speaker) Negative.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

	Red Leader looks back at the receding Death Star. Tiny

	explosions are visible in the distance.

RED LEADER: Negative! It didn't go in. It just impacted on the

surface.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR -- TIE FIGHTER.

	Darth Vader peels off in pursuit as Red Leader's X-wing passes

	the Death Star horizon.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader swings his ship around for the next kill.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

LUKE: (over headset) Red Leader, we're right above you. Turn to

point...

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke tries to spot Red Leader. He looks down at the Death Star

	surface.

LUKE: ...oh-five; we'll cover for you.

RED LEADER: (over headset) Stay there...

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

	A wary Red Leader looks about nervously.

RED LEADER: ...I just lost my starboard engine.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks excitedly toward Red Leader's X-wing.

RED LEADER: (over headset) Get set to make your attack run.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader's gloved hands make contact with the control sticks, and

	he presses their firing buttons.

INTERIOR: RED LEADER'S COCKPIT.

	Red Leader fights to gain control of his ship.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Laserbolts are flung from Vader's TIE fighter, connecting with

	Red Leader's Rebel X-wing fighter. Red Leader buys it,

	creating a tremendous explosion far below. He screams and is

	destroyed.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks out the window of his X-wing at the explosion far

	below. For the first time, he feels the helplessness of his


	situation.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Grand Moff Tarkin casts a sinister eye at the computer screen.

DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE: Rebel base, one minute and closing.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Dodonna and Princess Leia, with Threepio beside them, listen

	intently to the talk between the pilots. The room is grim

	after Red Leader's death. Princess Leia nervously paces the

	room.

LUKE: (over speaker) Biggs, Wedge, let's close it up. We're going in.

We're going in full throttle.

INTERIOR: WEDGE'S COCKPIT.

	The horizon twists as Wedge begins to pull out.

WEDGE: Right with you, boss.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.  

	The two X-wings peel off against a background of stars and

	dive toward the Death Star.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT.

BIGGS: Luke, at that speed will you be able to pull out in time?

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

LUKE: It'll be just like Beggar's Canyon back home.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	The three X-wings move in, unleashing a barrage of laserfire.

	Laserbolts are returned from the Death Star.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT.

	Luke's lifelong friend struggles with his controls.

BIGGS: We'll stay back far enough to cover you.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S COCKPIT.

	Flak and laserbolts flash outside Luke's cockpit window.

WEDGE: (over headset) My scope shows the tower, but I can't see the

exhaust port! Are you sure the computer can hit it?

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- GUN EMPLACEMENTS.

	The Death Star laser cannon slowly rotates as it shoots

	laserbolts.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks around for the Imperial TIE fighters. He thinks for

	a moment and then moves his targeting device into position.

LUKE: Watch yourself! Increase speed full throttle!

INTERIOR: WEDGE'S COCKPIT.

	Wedge looks excitedly about for any sign of the TIE fighters.

WEDGE: What about the tower?

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

LUKE: You worry about those fighters! I'll worry about the tower!

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR SURFACE.

	Luke's X-wing streaks through the trench, firing lasers.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke breaks into a nervous sweat as the laserfire is returned,

	knicking one of his wings close to the engine.

LUKE: (to Artoo) Artoo...that, that stabilizer's broken loose again!

See if you can't lock it down!

EXTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER.

	Artoo works to repair the damages. The canyon wall rushes by

	in the background, making his delicate task seem even more

	precarious.

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Two laser cannons are firing on the Rebel fighters.

INTERIOR: WEDGE'S COCKPIT.

	Wedge looks up and sees the TIE ships.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke's targeting device marks off the distance to the target.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Vader and his wingmen zoom closer.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader adjusts his controls and fires laserbolts at two X-wings

	flying down the trench. He scores a direct hit on Wedge.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Leia and the others are grouped around the computer board.

WEDGE: (over speaker) I'm hit! I can't stay with you.

LUKE: (over speaker) Get clear, Wedge.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

LUKE: You can't do any more good back there!

INTERIOR: WEDGE'S COCKPIT.

WEDGE: Sorry!

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Wedge pulls his crippled X-wing back away from the battle.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader watches the escape but issues a command to his wingmen.

VADER: Let him go! Stay on the leader!

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Luke's X-wing speeds down the trench; the three TIE fighters,

	still in perfect unbroken formation, tail close behind.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT.

	Biggs looks around at the TIE fighters. He is worried.

BIGGS: Hurry, Luke, they're coming in much faster this time. I can't

hold them!

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	The three TIE fighters move ever closer, closing in on Luke

	and Biggs.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks back anxiously at little Artoo.

LUKE: Artoo, try and increase the power!

EXTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER.

	Ignoring the bumpy ride, flak, and lasers, a beeping

	Artoo-Detoo struggles to increase the power, his dome turning

	from side to side.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Stealthily, the TIE formation creeps closer.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader adjusts his control stick.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT.

	Biggs looks around at the TIE fighters.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER.

	Luke looks into his targeting device. He moves it away for a

	moment and ponders its use. He looks back into the computer

	targeter.

BIGGS: (over headset) Hurry up, Luke!

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Vader and his wingmen race through the Death Star trench.

	Biggs moves in to cover for Luke, but Vader gains on him.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT.

	Biggs sees the TIE fighter aiming at him.

BIGGS: Wait!

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader squeezes the fire button on his controls.

INTERIOR: BIGGS' COCKPIT.

	Biggs' cockpit explodes around him, lighting him in red.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Biggs' ship bursts into a million flaming bits and scatters

	across the surface.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Leia and the others stare at the computer board.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING COCKPIT.

	Luke is stunned by Biggs' death. His eyes are watering, but

	his anger is also growing.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONTROL ROOM.

	Grand Moff Tarkin watches the projected target screen with

	satisfaction.

DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE: Rebel base, thirty seconds and closing.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader takes aim on Luke and talks to the wingmen.

VADER: I'm on the leader.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR -- LUKE'S SHIP.

	Luke's ship streaks through the trench of the Death Star.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Princess Leia returns her general's worried and doubtful

	glances with solid, grim determination. Threepio seems nervous.

THREEPIO: Hang on, Artoo!

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Luke concentrates on his targeting device.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Three TIE fighters charge away down the trench toward Luke.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader's finger's curls around the control stick.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Luke adjusts the lens of his targeting device.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Luke's ship charges down the trench.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Luke lines up the yellow cross-hair lines of the targeting

	device's screen. He looks into the targeting device, then

	starts at a voice he hears.

BEN'S VOICE: Use the Force, Luke.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	The Death Star trench zooms by.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks up, then starts to look back into the targeting

	device. He has second thoughts.

BEN'S VOICE: Let go, Luke.

		 A grim determination sweeps across Luke's face as he closes

	his eyes and starts to mumble Ben's training to himself.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Luke's fighter streaks through the trench.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

VADER: The Force is strong with this one!

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Vader follows Luke's X-wing down the trench.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks to the targeting device, then away as he hears

	Ben's voice.

BEN'S VOICE: Luke, trust me.

		 Luke's hand reaches for the control panel and presses the

	button. The targeting device moves away.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Leia and the others stand watching the projected screen.

BASE VOICE: (over speaker) His computer's off. Luke, you switched off

your targeting computer. What's wrong?

LUKE: (over speaker) Nothing. I'm all right.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Luke's ship streaks ever close to the exhaust port.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks at the Death Star surface streaking by.

EXTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER.

	Artoo-Detoo turns his head from side to side, beeping in

	anticipation.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	The three TIE fighters, manned by Vader and his two wingmen,

	follow Luke's X-wing down the trench.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader maneuvers his controls as he looks at his doomed target.

	He presses the fire buttons on his control sticks. Laserfire

	shoots toward Luke's X-wing fighter.

EXTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER.

	A large burst of Vader's laserfire engulfs Artoo. The arms go

	limp on the smoking little droid as he makes a high-pitched

	sound.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks frantically back over his shoulder at Artoo.

EXTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER.

	Smoke billows out around little Artoo and sparks begin to fly.

LUKE: I've lost Artoo!

		 Artoo's beeping sounds die out.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Leia and the others stare intently at the projected screen,

	while Threepio watches the Princess. Lights representing the

	Death Star and targets glow brightly.

MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE: The Death Star has cleared the planet. The

Death Star has cleared the planet.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR -- CONTROL ROOM.

	Tarkin glares at the projected target screen.

DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE: Rebel base, in range.

TARKIN: You may fire when ready.

DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE: Commence primary ignition.

		 An officer reaches up and pushes buttons on the control

	panel, as green lighted buttons turn to red.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	The three TIE fighters zoom down the Death Star trench in

	pursuit of Luke, never breaking formation.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S COCKPIT.

	Luke looks anxiously at the exhaust port.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader adjusts his control sticks, checking his projected

	targeting screen.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Luke's ship barrels down the trench.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader's targeting computer swings around into position. Vader

	takes careful aim on Luke's X-wing fighter.

VADER: I have you now.

		 He pushes the fire buttons.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.


	The three TIE fighters move in on Luke. As Vader's center

	fighter unleashes a volley of laserfire, one of the TIE ships

	at his side is hit and explodes into flame. The two remaining

	ships continue to move in.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks about, wondering whose laserfire destroyed Vader's

	wingman.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader is taken by surprise, and looks out from his cockpit.

VADER: What?

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S WINGMAN -- COCKPIT.

	Vader's wingman searches around him trying to locate the

	unknown attacker.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	Han and Chewbacca grin from ear to ear.

HAN: (yelling) Yahoo!

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	The Millennium Falcon heads right at the two TIE fighters.

	It's a collision course.

INTERIOR: WINGMAN'S COCKPIT.

	The wingman spots the pirateship coming at him and warns the

	Dark Lord.

WINGMAN: Look out!

EXTERIOR: DEATH STAR TRENCH.

	Vader's wingman panics at the sight of the oncoming pirate

	starship and veers radically to one side, colliding with

	Vader's TIE fighter in the process. Vader's wingman crashes

	into the side wall of the trench and explodes. Vader's damaged

	ship spins out of the trench with a damaged wing.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Vader's ship spins out of control with a bent solar fin,

	heading for deep space.

INTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT.

	Vader turns round and round in circles as his ship spins

	into space.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Solo's ship moves in toward the Death Star trench.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

	Solo, smiling, speaks to Luke over his headset mike.

HAN: (into mike) You're all clear, kid.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- WAR ROOM.

	Leia and the others listen to Solo's transmission.

HAN: (over speaker) Now let's blow this thing and go home!

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke looks up and smiles. He concentrates on the exhaust port,

	then fires his laser torpedoes.

EXTERIOR: SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR.

	Luke's torpedoes shoot toward the port and seems to simply

	disappear into the surface and not explode. But the shots do

	find their mark and have gone into the exhaust port and are

	heading for the main reactor.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke throws his head back in relief.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	An Imperial soldier runs to the control panel board and pulls

	the attack lever as the board behind him lights up.

INTERCOM VOICE: Stand by to fire at Rebel base.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	Two X-wings, a Y-wing, and the pirateship race toward Yavin in

	the distance.

INTERIOR: DEATH STAR.

	Several Imperial soldiers, flanking a pensive Grand Moff

	Tarkin, busily push control levers and buttons.


INTERCOM VOICE: Standing by.

		 The rumble of a distant explosion begins.

EXTERIOR: SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR.

	The Rebel ships race out of sight, leaving the moon-like Death

	Star alone against a blanket of stars. Several small flashes

	appear on the surface. The Death Star bursts into a supernova,

	creating a spectacular heavenly display.

INTERIOR: MILLENNIUM FALCON -- COCKPIT.

HAN: Great shot, kid. That was one in a million.

INTERIOR: LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER -- COCKPIT.

	Luke is at ease, and his eyes are closed.

BEN'S VOICE: Remember, the Force will be with you...always.

		 The ship rocks back and forth.

EXTERIOR: DARTH VADER'S TIE FIGHTER.

	Vader's ship spins off into space.

EXTERIOR: SPACE.

	The Rebel ships race toward the fourth moon of Yavin.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- MAIN HANGAR.

	Luke climbs out of his starship fighter and is cheered by a

	throng of ground crew and pilots. Luke climbs down the ladder

	as they all welcome him with laughter, cheers, and shouting.

		 Princess Leia rushes toward him.

LEIA: Luke! Luke! Luke!

		 She throws her arms around Luke and hugs him as they dance

	around in a circle. Solo runs in toward Luke and they embrace

	one another, slapping each other on the back.

HAN: (laughing) Hey! Hey!

LUKE: (laughing) I knew you'd come back! I just knew it!

HAN: Well, I wasn't gonna let you get all the credit and take all the

reward.

		 Luke and Han look at one another, as Solo playfully shoves

	at Luke's face. Leia moves in between them.

LEIA: (laughing) Hey, I knew there was more to you than money.

		 Luke looks toward the ship.

LUKE: Oh, no!

	The fried little Artoo-Detoo is lifted off the back of the

	fighter and carried off under the worried eyes of Threepio.

THREEPIO: Oh, my! Artoo! Can you hear me? Say something! (to mechanic)

You can repair him, can't you?

TECHNICIAN: We'll get to work on him right away.

THREEPIO: You must repair him! Sir, if any of my circuits or gears

will help, I'll gladly donate them.

LUKE: He'll be all right.

INTERIOR: MASSASSI OUTPOST -- MAIN THRONE ROOM.

	Luke, Han, and Chewbacca enter the huge ruins of the main
	temple. Hundreds of troops are lined up in neat rows. Banners
	are flying and at the far end stands a vision in white, the
	beautiful young Senator Leia. Luke and the others solemnly
	march up the long aisle and kneel before Senator Leia. From
	one side of the temple marches a shined-up and fully repaired

	Artoo-Detoo. He waddles up to the group and stands next to an
	equally pristine Threepio, who is rather awestruck by the
	whole event. Chewbacca is confused. Dodonna and several other
	dignitaries sit on the left of the Princess Leia. Leia is
	dressed in a long white dress and is staggeringly beautiful.

	She rises and places a gold medallion around Han's neck. He
	winks at her. She then repeats the ceremony with Luke, who is
	moved by the event. They turn and face the assembled troops,
	who all bow before them. Chewbacca growls and Artoo beeps with
	happiness.

							 FADE OUT

					 END CREDITS OVER STARS

							 THE END

					-----------------------

							 CREDITS

					Written and Directed by

						 GEORGE LUCAS

						 Produced by

							GARY KURTZ

							 STARRING

			MARK HAMILL   HARRISON FORD   CARRIE FISHER

						PETER CUSHING

						 and ALEC GUINNESS

							with

			ANTHONY DANIELS, KENNY BAKER, PETER MAYHEW,

				 DAVID PROWSE, JACK PURVIS, EDDIE BYRNE

						


						Production Designer

							JOHN BARRY

					Director of Photography

					 GILBERT TAYLOR, B.S.C.

							 Music by

						JOHN WILLIAMS

		 Performed by The London Symphony Orchestra; Original Music

			 Copyright 1977 by Fox Fanfare Music, Inc.

				Special Photographic Effects Supervisor

						 JOHN DYKSTRA

		 Special Production and Mechanical Effects Supervisor

						 JOHN STEARS

						Film Editiors

				PAUL HIRSCH, MARCIA LUCAS, RICHARD CHEW

					 Production Supervisor

						 ROBERT WATTS

					Production Illustration

						  RALPH McQUARRIE

						  Costume Designer

							JOHN MOLLO

						Art Directors

					NORMAN REYNOLDS, LESLIE DILLEY

						 Make up Supervisor

						  STUART FREEBORN

					 Production Sound Mixer

							DEREK BALL

							 Casting

				IRENE LAMB, DIANE CRITTENDEN, VIC RAMOS

					Supervising Sound Editor

							 SAM SHAW

				Special Dialogue and Sound Effects

							BEN BURTT

						Sound Editors

				  ROBERT R. RUTLEDGE, GORDON DAVIDSON,

							GENE CORSO

					Supervising Music Editor

						  KENNETH WANNBERG

						 Rerecording Mixers

				 DON MacDOUGALL, BOB MINKLER, RAY WEST,

			ROBERT LITT, MIKE MINKLER, LESTER FRESHOLTZ,

						  RICHARD PORTMAN

					 Dolby Sound Consultant

						 STEPHEN KATZ

						Orchestrations

						 HERBERT W. SPENCER

						Music Scoring Mixer

						ERIC TOMLINSON

					 Assistant Film Editors

					TODD BOEKELHEIDE, JAY MIRACLE,

					COLIN KITCHENS, BONNIE KOEHLER

						  Camera Operators

					 RONNIE TAYLOR, GEOFF GLOVER

						Set Decorator

						  ROGER CHRISTIAN

						 Production Manager

						BRUCE SHARMAN

						Assistant Directors

				 TONY WAYE, GERRY GAVIGAN, TERRY MADDEN

						  Location Manager


						 ARNOLD ROSS

					 Assistant to Producer

						 BUNNY ALSUP

					 Assistant to Director

						 LUCY AUTREY WILSON

						Production Assistant

					 PAT CARR, MIKI HERMAN

							  Gaffer

							RON TABERA

						  Property Master

						 FRANK BRUTON

						Wardrobe Supervisor

							 RON BECK

						 Stunt Coordinator

						PETER DIAMOND

							Continuity

						 ANN SKINNER

							  Titles

							DAN PERRI

					Second Unit Photography

				 CARROLL BALLARD, RICK CLEMENTE,

					 ROBERT DALVA, TAK FUIJIMOTO

					  Second Unit Art Direction

					 LEON ERICKSON, AL LOCATELLI

				 Second Unit Production Managers

				 DAVID LESTER, PETER HERALD, PEPI LENZI

						Second Unit Make-up

					 RICK BAKER, DOUGLAS BESWICK

					Assistant Sound Editors

					  ROXANNE JONES, KAREN SHARP

					 Production Controller

						 BRIAN GIBBS

						  Location Auditor

						 RALPH M. LEO

						 Assistant Auditors

			STEVE CULLIP, PENNY McCARTHY, KIM FALKINBURG

				 Advertising/Publicity Supervisor


						 CHARLES LIPPINCOTT

						Unit Publicist

						 BRIAN DOYLE

						 Still Photographer

							 JOHN JAY

				MINIATURE AND OPTICAL EFFECTS UNIT

						First Camerman

						RICHARD EDLUND

						  Second Camerman

						 DENNIS MUREN

						 Assistant Camermen

			DOUGLAS SMITH, KENNETH RALSTON, DAVID ROBMAN

					Second Unit Photography

						 BRUCE LOGAN

					Composite Optical Photography

					ROBERT BLALACK (PRAXIS)

				 Optical Photography Coordinator

							PAUL ROTH

					  Optical Printer Operators

			DAVID BERRY, DAVID McCUE, RICHARD PECORELLA,

				  ELDON RICKMAN, JAMES VAN TREES, JR.

					  Optical Camera Assistants

				CALEB ASCHKYNAZO, JOHN C. MOULDS,

						  BRUCE NICHOLSON,

					  GARY SMITH, BERT TERRERI,

				  DONNA TRACEY, JIM WELLS, VICKY WITT

					 Production Supervisor

						  GEORGE E. MATHER

						 Matte Artist

						  P. S. ELLENSHAW

					 Planet and Satellite Artist

						RALF McQUARRIE

				 Effects Illustration and Design

						  JOSEPH JOHNSTON

					 Additional Spacecraft Design

						COLIN CANTWELL

						 Chief Model Maker

						 GRANT McCUNE

						Model Builders

			 DAVID BEASLEY, JON ERLAND, LORNE PETERSON,

				 STEVE GAWLEY, PAUL HUSTON, DAVID JONES

					Animation and Rotoscope Design

						 ADAM BECKETT

							Animators

			 MICHAEL ROSS, PETER KURAN, JONATHAN SEAY,

				 CHRIS CASADY, LYN GERRY, DIANA WILSON

					 Stop Motion Animation

					 JON BERG, PHIL TIPPET

						Miniature Explosions

					JOE VISKOCIL, GREG AUER

				Computer Animation and Graphics Displays

				 DAN O'BANNON, LARRY CUBA, JOHN WALSH,

					JAY TEITZELL, IMAGE WEST

					Film Control Coordinator

						 MARY M. LIND

						  Film Librarians

			 CINDY ISMAN, CONNIE McCRUM, PAMELA MALOUF

						 Electronic Designs


						  ALVAH J. MILLER

						 Special Components

						 JAMES SHOURT

						 Assistants,

				 MASAAKI NORIHORO, ELEANOR PORTER

					 Camera and Mechanical Design

				 DON TRUMBULL, RICHARD ALEXANDER,

						WILLIAM SHOURT

					 Special Mechanical Equipment

			  JERRY GREENWOOD, DOUGLAS BARNETT, STUART ZIFF,

						 DAVID SCOTT

						Production Managers

					BOB SHEPHERD, LON TINNEY

						  Production Staff

				PATRICIA ROSE DUIGNAN, MARK KLINE,

					RHONDA PECK, RON NATHAN

					 Assistant Editor (Opticals)

						BRUCE MICHAEL GREEN

					  Additional Optical Effects

					 VAN DER VEER PHOTO EFFECTS,

					 RAY MERCER & COMPANY,

						MODERN FILM EFFECTS,

						MASTER FILM EFFECTS

				DE PATIE-FRELENG ENTERPRISES, INC.

						

			 PANAVISION  TECHNICOLOR  Prints by DELUXE

				Making Films Sound Better, DOLBY SYSTEM

				 Noise Reduction -- High Fidelity

							CAST

Luke Skywalker								 MARK HAMILL

Han Solo									HARRISON FORD

Princess Leia Organa							 CARRIE FISHER

Grand Moff Tarkin							 PETER CUSHING

Ben (Obi-Wan) Kenobi							 ALEC GUINNESS

See-Threepio (C-3PO)						 ANTHONY DANIELS

Artoo-Detoo (R2-D2)							 KENNY BAKER

Chewbacca									PETER MAYHEW

Lord Darth Vader								 DAVID PROWSE

Uncle Owen									 PHIL BROWN

Aunt Beru									 SHELAGH FRASER

Chief Jawa									JACK PERVIS

General Dodonna								ALEX McCRINDLE

General Willard								EDDIE BYRNE

Red Leader									  DREWE HEMLEY

Red Two (Wedge)								 DENNIS LAWSON

Red Three (Biggs)							 GARRICK HAGON

Red Four (John "D")								JACK KLAFF

Red Six (Porkins)							 WILLIAM HOOTKINS

Gold Leader									ANGUS McINNIS

Gold Two									JEREMY SINDEN

Gold Five									  GRAHAM ASHLEY

General Taggi								DON HENDERSON

General Motti							RICHARD LE PARMENTIER

Commander One								LESLIE SCHOFIELD

					Photographed in Tunisia

					Tikal National Park, Guatemala

			 Death Valley National Monument, California

			 and at EMI Elstree Studios, Borehamwood, England

		 Music Recorded at Anvil Recording Studios, Denham, England

   Post Production Completed at American Zoetrope, San Francisco, California

	 Rerecording at Samuel Goldwyn Studios, Los Angeles, California

    The producers wish to thank the government of Tunisia, the Institute of

    Anthropology and History of Guatemala, and the National Park Service, 

    United States Department of the Interior, for their cooperation.

		  Copyright 1977 by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation

					 A LUCASFILM LTD. PRODUCTION

	 Ownership of this motion picture is protected by copyright and other

	 applicable laws and any unauthorized duplication, distribution, or

	 exhibition of this motion picture could result in criminal prosecution

	 as well as civil liability.

